ordinary one of
billions our star is utterly ordinary
one of trillions our planet is presumed
to be of an ordinary type and biology is
presumed to be a necessary consequence
of certain chemical regimes at certain
temperatures and on and on and on so
what you get then as the human role in
this
scientific scheme is virtually nothing
more to than to witness to carry out
certain measurements that cause the
collapse of the state vector and to
witness and the universe is an accident
and all subsequent processes are
accidents and we are an accident and
value is confirmed and meaning is an
illusion of the naive and on and on and
on this is the legacy of positivism
materialism uh the thinking that has
gone on in the last 200 years in Europe
and now dominates the planet the problem
is that it runs completely counter to
the primary datum to use a philosophical
buzzword the primary datam and what is
the primary datam it's the felt presence
of immediate
experience in other words being here now
is the primary datum and it doesn't tell
you that this is a series of accidents
and that you are irrelevant and that
your pain is not pain and that your hope
is not hope it tells you something else
it tells you this counts somehow it
matters I matter
my life matters my family culture the
human Enterprise this planet its biota
this matters it all matters meaning is
intrinsic as a primary datam and yet
it's denied by the philosophy which
rules this planet and sets its agenda
how this happened we can talk about
tomorrow it's an interesting story of of
historical malaprop isms and bad calls
and lost opportunities and just bonad
stupidity at critical uh
junctures but this evening what I want
to evoke for you is what are its
consequences we need a metaphor that can
contain the demon of the future that we
have conjured into
being
fine-tuning the uh institutions built by
powdered wig guys 200 years ago is a
Longshot at holding the whole thing
together uh the world is entering into a
phase of progressively more chaotic
oscillation this is not a consequence of
of what human beings have done it's part
of the dynamics of the human biological
geological Matrix that represents uh the
planet biology never stands still it
moved from the
unicellular phase into the multicellular
phase it occupied all niches it left the
oceans it occupied the land it then
entered into linguistic phase space it
entered into the domain of meaning and
there it erected conscious reflecting
societies and individuals now through
the
catalytic interaction with technology
the human species is getting set to
redefine itself and uh the these phase
transitions are major in the life of
this planet which is for billion years
we can probably look back to no more
than half a dozen of these kinds of
phase
transitions uh well now I want to return
to a point which was the unlikelihood of
apocalyptic transformation in our own
time using a kind of reductionist
argument that there is so much time and
a life is so short that the odds that
your life would fall on the golden
moment
is very slight but that's not true if
the dice are
loaded and the dice are loaded this
melting together of Technology this
globalization of culture this uh
creation of an electromagnetic sea of
information these are phenomenon that
only happen in the terminal moments of
the planetary
breakthrough history
itself is the shock wave of eschatology
this is the slogan that I've been
building to deliver to you history is
