the shock wave of
eschatology if you don't know what
eschatology is it's a good old
theological word it means the final
things the last things and what I have
learned from psychedelics and I'm
convinced of this to the Bone whether my
own mathematics ICS can stand the test
or not but time is not necessarily
driven from the past time is not like an
unfolding Avalanche of causal
consequences time is more like uh a
process drawn toward an
attractor and the reason
Evolution happened on this planet in
such a short amount of time the re
reason the emergence of Consciousness
happened without following all the blind
alleys that were open to primate
evolution is because it isn't a random
walk toward nowhere it is in fact of a
trajectory defined by the field through
which we are moving and the way to think
of this is like a topological surface
that time is not not
featuress it is not
invariant as Newton insisted and assumed
in order to build his calculus I mean it
may appear invariant when you're
calculating the orbits of the planets
but anyone who has ever gone through a
bankruptcy a divorce A Love Affair uh
the death of a a loved one something
like that knows that you know these
things are unique phenomena millions of
people have died and nobody has ever
died the same way twice and left the
people standing there feeling the same
way the things that matter are imbued
with uniqueness and that uniqueness is
imparted by this
invisible
medium that science in order to function
has had to deny that's what it basically
comes down to and as we unpack this
weekend we'll talk some about the iching
talk about how
cultures uh become obsessed with certain
aspects of Nature and then in the act of
exploring that
Obsession very
creatively other aspects of nature are
completely overlooked or forgotten for
instance in the west we are the masters
of matter and energy I mean when you
think that 100,000 years ago we were
chipping flint and that we can trigger
Fusion the process which lights the
Stars themselves that we can trigger
fusion in our Laboratories as an
experimental process that's absolutely
hair raising I mean that is a long long
journey into the heart of matter to be
able to pull off a trick like that
meanwhile our understanding of time is
infantile we have no theory of time uh
we say that it is uh in most cases to be
treated as invariant and if you're
working with special relativity then in
the presence of massive gravitational
objects you impart a very slight
curvature to the space-time Continuum
and that's it for time and yet time is
the dimension that that hammers at us
most most uh persistently because you
know it's upon the back of time that you
ride into the world and it's grasping
for more of it that you sink into the
Blackness of death itself somebody had a
question yeah maybe it's just very close
so I have to ask uh is it do you believe
in U Evolution or
development oh yeah one of the words
that hasn't escaped my lips tonight by
accident is
novelty novelty is a concept that I've
elaborated over the years taking it from
Alfred North Whitehead but as I see
it being the cosmos whatever you want to
call it is a struggle between two
implacable
forces novelty on the one side and habit
on the other side and let me describe
them for a moment and then you can see
that this is true I think what is habit
habit is doing things the way you've
always done them habit is tradition
habit is circular Behavior habit is
following the codess that have already
been laid down by past activity it's
