tools the tools by which we make our way
into the world for instance at in August
I was
told the Earth has moved Mosaic is the
most powerful tool ever created for
moving human Minds around on the web 3
weeks ago I was told junk Mosaic who
needs it Netscape is the most powerful
tool ever created and you play with
Netscape and you compare it to Mosaic
and you have to admit yep it's better
orders of magnitude better but the rate
at which these tools are being replaced
is phenomenal the other thing which is
going on is that all kinds of
Specialties are making
breakthroughs that are not being
integrated to other special Specialties
the cultural Enterprise is not being
managed it's out of control which is
good news I think because if it were
under control it would probably be under
the control of someone with plans not
terribly uh Pleasant for the rest of us
I think the great good news is that the
cultural process is expressing its own
Dynamic I'm absolutely phobic of
conspirac y Theory I just think it's a
silly way to think about reality God
help anybody who tries to seize control
of this tiger because yeah what um I
don't understand why you believe in
development or this is a premise of you
that uh there is time that there's a
development for and evolution why you
believe in that well uh because I think
the historical record shows a
progressive move movement from simpler
to more complex form and then the
question is how does it happen and there
are different theories about that but to
to my mind it's pretty clear that as you
go back in time the universe becomes a
simpler and simpler
Place yeah but I think we should make
clear if if
uh if you if you're thinking if there's
time or if there's not
time we should make it clear well this
is sort of the question of is there
absolute time or is time defined by the
uh systems embedded in
it uh it's a philosophical question I
suppose if I were pressed I would say
it's defined by the systems embedded in
it uh but I am saying you see in for
science time is not exact a thing it
becomes somewhat thing likee in
relativity because it's m with space
which is more thing like than time but
uh I'm suggesting that time is a real
thing as real as
electricity or electromagnetic fields
that time um well I didn't really intend
to get off into this but briefly here's
the bit um science uses probability
Theory that's actually what science is
it's a kind of expansion of probability
Theory and probability Theory says that
you know the first thing you learn when
you study probability is the chance has
no memory they drum this into you so
they say to you if you flip a coin 50
times and it comes up heads 50 times
what are the odds that will come come up
heads the 51st time and the correct
answer in probability class is 5050 the
odds are always
5050 but a gambler who had flipped that
coin 50 times and seen it come up heads
would bet heads and win because there's
something funny about that coin if the
odds were really
5050 of a coin coming heads or tails
then the most common outcome of a coin
toss would be for the coin to land on
its Edge and that's the rarest outcome
there is in a coin toss you can hang out
in bars your entire life and never see a
coin toss land on its Edge uh so
probability theory is flawed but the
flaws are of such a nature that once you
accept probability Theory you will never
be able to detect the flaw because in a
sense the theory has preceded the
observation and what I'm saying is
that complex
systems human systems biological systems
do not operate probabilistically they
operate uh according to a different rule
