which up
until recently the best description we
had came from Chinese philosophy was
called the da and the the idea there is
that there is this invisible force which
builds things up
Empires powerful
families you name it and it tears these
things down according to laws which are
very very mysterious and part of the da
well this Tim life thing that I've
developed is essentially the da without
mystery it strips away all that
metaphysical baffle Garb and says here's
an algorithm entirely formal and
explicit that meets all the criteria of
Da and um the point that I want to leave
you with tonight is that the
entertaining you don't even have to
accept these ideas just the entertaining
of these ideas is an
empowering experience because it places
our historical era and each of us
individually at a very critical juncture
in the uh alchemical process of cosmic
salvation if you want to put it that way
in other words a lot is riding on how
this all comes out yeah well you talked
about um primary experience one of the
things you mentioned and um one of my
primary experiences has been I guess
what I would call communing with nature
that which is not
cultural um and I'm wondering how the
way you see development and how you see
globalization and all that ties
in what I assume is similar to that
experience that I had that you've
mentioned which is the archaic revival
it seems that there's some kind of
opposites going on there to me and I
want to know how you tell them
together well yes I mean what's
happening is that we are headed into a
kind of super
technology a Global Information
Society so forth and so on but strangely
enough and you have to go back for M to
mlan for this the sensory ratios that
are being reinfored forced by the new
electronic technology are like the
sensory ratios that were in place 15,000
years ago in other words if print is in
fact a
cultural disease or I don't want to know
a condition print imposes a condition on
the human mind which is now
lifting and as The Cloud of print creat
conditioning and
institutions is lifted we discover that
we are not Victorian ladies and
gentlemen model citizens in the
Jeffersonian state but that we like to
trans dance and mess around sexually and
get down and dirty and all in other
words there is an archaic impulse that
comes into this as we reclaim our senses
some of you may have read read Morris
burman's wonderful book called coming to
our senses well I've never met Morris
Burman but I absolutely subscribe to
everything said there uh we are history
was an incredibly damaging experience
and now it's over in a sense and we're
like the victims of a very long and uh
prolonged bombardment of some sort and
now it's over
and we can begin to pick up the pieces
and say well what Christianity did to
our sexuality what monotheism did to our
gender relationships so forth and so on
now we can
fix all of this and but it takes the it
is this
paradoxical Enterprise of a Neo
arism taking place in a
cyberdelic hyper Global Society that's
why body piercing
tattooing trans dance drug
experience uh uh drumming experiences
all of these things are I take to be
very healthy signs of this archaic
impulse coming out in society I mean the
what was created by the era of the
proper gentleman was you know excellent
table manners and gen side over most of
the surface of the planet uh however all
all of this all of these changes that
are going on each one must give way for
the next like we are never going to
