reach any kind of equilibrium between
here and the
concrescent this point ahead of us some
18 years in the future where all these
biological cultural and physical vectors
move into phase and create a phase
transition uh because in a sense history
is being forced to repeat itself at at
an incredibly accelerated rate and I
mean this not as a metaphor as is
ordinarily said I mean literally that as
we approach the Omega point there are a
series of recursive refle ctions almost
like passing through shock waves where
we reiterate past historical
episodes right now I take us to be
somewhere in the late
800s you know Rome has fallen and uh uh
the the the hard claw of the Christian
church is just about to close itself
over our jugular for about six years or
so uh you know you'll if you're of our
persuasion your best bet now is to
probably move to tartter till the
Renaissance which comes in
2004 uh the point being that we are we
are living through a kind of mini Dark
Age that is actually related to the the
Dark Ages that descended over Europe at
the fall of Rome we we could not have
one without the other time is speeding
up but never Le we have to live through
these uh these resonances yeah I let you
go the
time um do you think that we can change
history or what we call the
past if you couldn't change history then
you would have a
determinism the problem with
determinism is that it makes philosophy
impossible because if the universe is
determined then you think what you think
because you can't think anything else
and that makes the notion of Truth
rather curious for truth to exist there
must be the possibility of error so what
I but but but I think that the the
future is more determined than most
people think what is determined in the
future is the the
levels of habit and Novelty they are
already set out there ahead of us what
is not set are the events the people the
inventions the
catastrophes that will
fulfill those abstract levels of novelty
and habit uh in other words The Future
Has Not Yet undergone the formality of
actually occurring ing but the the
surface on which whatever occurs must be
laid over already exists that's why when
we look at the time wave you'll see
people say you're trying to predict the
future not exactly we're trying to
predict where in the future the novelty
should be expected but we understand
that you can never predict what the
novelty will actually be
uh but if you could predict where to
expect it you could remove a lot of the
anxiety from people's experience of the
unfolding of History right now history
is an incredibly anxiety producing
process I mean I mean people are just in
despair over where we go from here
yes I might be getting a little ahead
because I know you're going to talk
about um the time wave tomorrow night
but it occurred to me that when you
devise the time wave what it says is
when
basically what it says is when yes it
answers the when question I've recently
gone through a kind of funny change I
mean this is more addressed to the
people who are fairly familiar with this
material but we've put a huge amount of
emphasis when we talk about the time
wave into uh the end point which will
occur on December 22nd 2012 AD and we
always discuss you know what will happen
at the end point and so forth and so on
but I've noticed that the Curious Thing
about the time wave is that it will put
itself out of business at that moment
that regardless of what happens then the
time wave will be I hate to use the word
history at that point
so we in a sense we misuse the time wave
if we stand around waiting for 2012
