because where the time wave is useful is
between here and there because it gives
us an accurate map of what I guarantee
you is going to be the craziest 18 years
this planet has ever
seen and if you don't have a map of some
sort through what is about to begin to
unpack itself on our doorstep you will
think that it's uh the the last days
because I think everything that is
presently in place will be swept away
and then whatever replaces that will be
swept away uh
so part of what I part part of my
motivation in in all this is to put the
time wave in front of people and say
look it's worked for thousands and
thousands of years years and it only has
18 years to go so how what intellectual
justification is there for denying its
efficacy in the next 18 years when it
has four plus billion years of success
under its belt and you know this will
all be thrashed out in the cultural
Market Place of ideas and I'm completely
convinced that best ideas win because
the you know
novelty God is betting on novelty and so
if you bet on novelty um you'll be
carried along uh in that process yeah am
I correct that you uh predicted the
Republican wi in the
house well I I said it looked like a
good T yeah yeah
yeah as far as the election is concerned
I don't know uh
Hawaii gives one A different perspective
I'm living out there now I I
uh mean suddenly we all discovered that
we were born again Democrats just
because they all got kicked out before
that a lot of time was spent lashing the
Democratic party as a bunch of jerks I
think probably both impulses were good
um I I think the election just proves
that the world corporate state
has made national governments irrelevant
because you know while everybody's
yakking about the election the real news
is
lowest unemployment in four years
continuous growth into what the 27th
month uh I mean Lloyd Benson retired
three days ago and said if he could
write the numbers they wouldn't be any
different than the numbers he's able to
reach Tire on the economists are are
going berserk and I think that what has
happened very quietly over the past 10
years with chaos theory and fractal
mathematics and this sort of thing is
that economics has come out of the
Woodshed it is not voodoo anymore and
the world corporate state is running a
very tight ship and uh look at the
changes that have gone on just in the
past five years Marxism has been
liquidated apartheid has been liquidated
the people in the Middle East have been
told to get their stupid act together
the Irish Question comes up for review
world trade barriers are dropping
everywhere these are all things on the
agenda of the world corporate State uh
because the world corporate State likes
uh Happy well-paid
consumers War an instrument of policy by
nation states it is abhorent to the
world corporate State because it busts
up assets and requires
reinvestment so I think you know if you
have an United States Senator
threatening the life of the president
this tells you that these people are a
bunch of irrelevant yahoos it's like the
parliament of Tonga or something uh
people like it means they can get up and
say anything they damn well please the
president doesn't matter the Senate
doesn't matter none of it matters it's a
road show and we're all incredibly
focused on it and why is that because an
instrumentality of the world corporate
State called the media makes very sure
that we speak of nothing else meanwhile
in the
background um large changes are being
put in place and I am not I'm not
doctrinaire on this what we need to find
out at this point is not what the
