Republican party wants we need to find
out what does the world corporate State
believe is it simply a slash and
burn operation and we're going to Pedal
ourselves into toxic uh environmental
chaos
or are there
smarter heads in there somewhere who
realize that the whole thing has to be
managed otherwise it will turn on itself
and and be uh
inoperable but uh you know this this is
what happened a few hundred years ago
the church lost its Steam and
nationalism arose with a whole new
vision of the world and politics and
polity and power and now the world
corporate State uh and the most exciting
thing going on at the moment and to my
mind extremely psychedelic is and is the
creation of the web and the
net this is potentially what can change
the culture and yet the web and the net
is an wholly owned asset of the world
corporate State uh however the net was
created by a cold war mentality and
designed to be
indestructible that's why it is
indestructible otherwise they would have
destroyed it you may bet your bottom
dollar but in the era of thermal nuclear
warfare they designed it to be
indestructible and now no one can stop
it and I'm in favor of all these runaway
processes I think wherever wherever
management is enslaved to
ideology human values are just just
stomped on I mean that's what happened
with Marxism it's what happens with the
piratical capitalism so forth and so on
um but I think the the Psychedelic
position to take on all this is that
it's one hell of a show and you know
don't get your heart set on anybody
because they'll be swept away as fast as
you can say Jack Robinson uh this is we
are not going right or left or any place
so
conventional uh processes have been set
in motion that uh no no political Theory
can come to terms with I think well we
could go last question yeah last
question you went past a little bit so
what is your theory is it is it the
chaos or SM
mind oh I think probably there's a real
war going on inside the world corporate
state that it hasn't actually gotten
itself together yet um Victory came with
unexpected
swiftness and very few people even you
know inside the Fortune 500 or the World
Bank or the IMF actually understand the
degree to which the corporate mentality
is now in charge of the planet I imagine
that what it is is it's a a struggle
between
dinosaurs and a more ecologically
recycled minded kind of mentality I'm
not a Marxist but I know enough of Marx
to know that In classical capitalistic
Theory you can't have capitalism unless
you have unlimited exploitable natural
resources and you know 15 years ago I
would have said capitalism salvation is
space-based
resources apparently the people who
manage the money decided not to put
money into that and now there is no
infrastructure for the delivery of
space-based resources so apparently
we're going to try what is called closed
cycle
capitalism and that may
be
morally dubious because as far as I can
understand it requires a permanent
underclass somewhere you can't raise
everybody to the level of first world
consumers because somewhere there has to
be somebody working for penuts
manufacturing all this junk uh anyway
the these are issues to me none of this
is far a field I mean to me the
Psychedelic experience is the experience
of trying to make sense of reality and
it used to
be although I can't remember when that
psychedelic
self-exploration was presented as a kind
