well it always seemed somewhat
Preposterous to me
and I pointed out that it would make the
big league baseball picture the uh
Paradigm of evolutionary accomplishment
in the human world if that standard were
accepted but now I understand the
argument a little better and it's it's
slightly deeper than I thought because
here's the here's what they were trying
to say the first
time it isn't the this neural
coordination which is going on is really
about
planning that it is an extraordinary
thing to look at a rock in your
hand and to make the
calculation into the forward Vector of
the future aha if I hurl back and impart
a certain energy in a certain direction
with a certain intensity this thing will
follow a path through spe space and will
land somewhere with benign consequences
to me and my side and it's the key
Concept in here is
plan this is a
plan and animals don't do
this there are no
plans in the animal
world their Consciousness is of the
moment and doesn't involve this complex
triangulation out of the moment toward
future consequences in quite this way
because you see what happens when you
let go of the
rock is that you can no longer control
it it isn't like hunting or beating
something to death with a stick where
the strategy is being readjusted moment
to moment no once the the projectile is
released from your hand and that's all
the planning you get to do so it
represents a concrescence of
intent and this building toward the
concrescence of intent this plan making
then is the tiny flutter of the
Butterflies Wing that ripples out
through the chaotic universe and the
next thing you know you know the kings
of Babylon are issuing their codes of
Law and slaves under the Lash are
erecting cities and uh you know the
stars are being brought into a
mathematical model so forth and so on
well uh I just wanted to mention that
I'm also working on a second book at the
moment where we're going to go back into
the psilocybin theory of the origin of
Consciousness and actually attempt to
make a case that will
demand attack in other words to actually
Marshall all of the anatomical
paleontological primate data because uh
the more we research the more it appears
true that by looking at the psychedelics
in fact they become a kind of key to
understanding the entire phenomenon of
human
emergence by looking at the larger issue
of food as um an environmental dimension
in other words our
food uh has shaped us as
omnivores we have exposed ourselves to a
very high input of mutagenic material
over the course of our omnivorous
Behavior Uh and this has accelerated the
rate of mutation in our species this is
why there are so many cancers those
cancers are maladaptive mutations most
are most mutations are non uh productive
but by being a creature of the Jungle
canopy who underwent a forced migration
to an entirely different nutritional
environment the
grassland uh we opened ourselves up to
this mutagenic influence and it's it's
only the the spectacular effect of the
psychoactive compounds impacting on
neural organization cognition and social
organization that I focused on
originally but now the realization is
beginning to Ripple out uh through the
evolutionary community that yes this is
the the hidden Factor the the mutagenic
diet and the forced shift in environment
there are also
ideologically unexpected twists and
turns in all this I've recently met a
very interesting person he's going to be
my co-author in this Evolution book uh
