and through an amazing series of
cultural
Transformations become a planet ruling
species by
10,000 years ago and then not content
with that the process doesn't slow down
uh it
accelerates and this has to do with the
fact that we have somehow created
through
language a kind
of adaptive
strategy that is so
flexible that unlike most adaptive
strategies which sooner or later run
into a blind box canyon and are just
simply trapped there butting their heads
against the wall you see it everywhere
the muscles down on the rocks and to you
know most evolutionary developmental
lines are dead ends but somehow we broke
free of that by ceasing to be defined by
the physical body which is the stuff
upon which Evolution works and placing
between ourselves and our
environment a a new thing called
culture we began to mediate Evolution
you know evolution
says uh the infirm the idiot the lame
Must Die culture says we have different
values about this maybe yes maybe no but
we will decide uh e Evolution says you
know you must be a scattered species
nomadic and moving across the surface of
the planet like an animal culture says
no we have strategies for food
sequestration and common defense and we
will build cities and so forth and so on
and so since about you know pick a
number 10,000 years ago Evolution has
not been the uh the dominating Factor
biological evolution instead there is
something else which the word epigenetic
has been suggested meaning change not
driven by genes our genes are the same
if you were to be with a group of people
active 10 to 15,000 years ago they would
look and just like you and I we haven't
changed that much we've mixed the genes
but we haven't particularly added new
ones or lost genes but in the epigenetic
realm how many languages have been
generated over the past 10,000 years how
many world religions have come and gone
how many systems of government uh how
many uh theories of polity and Society
we just furiously cast these things off
and beginning about 500 years ago this
phenomenon became was embraced as a
permanent aspect of human existence in
Western Europe and the concept of
progress what became in Shrine and
progress is the idea that this process
must go on be extended Ed and
accelerated everywhere and and now it
seems to be happening I
think a and as a consequence of this
acceleration of process all the
contradictions in the old system and I
mean reaching back to Egypt all the
contradictions in the old system are now
on the surface and because I believe
psychedelics are a kind of higher
dimensional
sectioning of reality I think they give
the kind of stereoscopic vision
necessary to hold the entire hologram of
what's
Happening um in your mind the old
Paradigm is is
gone I mean we can talk about how
different parts of it died you know
maybe not everybody knows the story of
how physics the
paradigmatic uh science of Reason turned
into a place where nothing makes any
sense at all you know and where stories
are told so wild that a surrealist
painter would flee from the Gathering
just shaking his head that's physics the
very Bedrock of the whole Western shtick
has turned into uh a a place of of utter
psychedelic contradiction and chaos and
the News hasn't reached biology and
psychology they're still operating under
different paradigms but what is keeping
science alive at this point is the fact
that it is able to [ __ ] itself to the
marketplace but in terms of the old
program which was providing some kind of
