uh
metaphysical uh recitation of the nature
of the universe it's pretty clearly Out
Of Reach at this point I mean the the
universe has been discovered to be
Stranger Than You Can
suppose and what this means to the
Troops which is you and me the citizens
of these linear print created scientism
rules old Democratic industrial States
what it means to us is that you get your
mind back uh they have no need of it
anymore it's actually become a burden to
them I mean yes they struggled like hell
to take it but then they discovered that
it really wasn't worth all that much
anyhow the great thing about living in
the Twilight of an imperial
decline is the
permission that exists you know
incredible resources lay before us and
very few people are looking over your
shoulder and telling you what to do I
mean the fact that this community has
been able to persist and exist uh I mean
this is the orphic community this is the
tradition of dissent
ecstasis
uh sexual
ambiguity uh so forth and so on that
reaches right back to calic Greece and
Beyond and Shamanism is about
shapeshifting Shamanism is about doing
uh phenomenology with a toolkit that
works and uh no religion no philosoph
ophy I think has ever gone very far down
the road of understanding understanding
is not really a collective
Enterprise understanding is an
individual Enterprise and you know you
can read huster and you can um become a
hassid or you can assimilate these
group understandings that are forms of
wisdom but ultimately those are
platforms
for um
Intrepid
exploration and now at the end I think
of this entire Enterprise I mean I don't
know whether I'm changing or the world
is changing or both but it has gotten so
rich recently that it's like an enormous
meal at some over reved restaurant where
you just have to push yourself away and
say you know the spectacle is endless
and amazing and apparently it's all
going to come true and my impulse is to
distance myself from it all I mean the
it is
um well the mushroom sent to me once it
said uh this is what it's like when a
species prepares to depart for the
Stars this is not unusual ual I mean the
earth quakes the oceans boil the planet
came into existence for this all life
for over a billion years has been
pointed toward taking this step you know
leaving the oceans for the land was
dress rehearsal for what will now be
done and you know it's chilling because
it's so huge I mean you don't even
though well it's just enormous and yet
uh apparently when you look back through
the history of the universe this is how
it
proceeds incredibly gradually over
staggering scales of time but then every
once in a while you come around the
corner and there it is a continent sinks
an asteroid impacts a star explodes uh
uh two intelligent species meet
somewhere out in the cosmos and these
things then you know set ripples going
for
eons yeah I'm curious what this has to
do with psychedelics because it seems to
me that you know when you use
psychedelics to break down perceptual
barriers PR that's one thing but there's
such momentum going on in the world
today that things are breaking down
without psychedelics although it may
appear
psychedelic in terms of the way you see
it do you see what I'm getting at yeah I
do you know I mean so at this juncture
have we transcended
psychedelic well the my idea is you know
that the Psychedelic recapitulates on
the personal scale this Universal
