meltdown that is going on without the
need of psychedelics but this Universal
meltdown is very frightening to people
most people are are pattern oriented and
nostal algic and they they are it scares
them and I think psychedelics are a way
to it's sort of like doing calisthenics
in preparation for the marathon at the
end of
time uh you know people who have taken
psychedelics should be in a better
position to assure reassure everybody
else they'll just say well you know
people say the laws of physics are
breaking down he said look I've seen it
before
so and and in a way this this thing this
event which wants to
emerge we think of it as quantized in a
single moment where the the shift will
happen and it's like the glory or
something but in a way our job if we
have a job and I'm not sure we do but if
we have a job then our job is to
anticipate this and to live it out
before it happens somebody very dear to
me said to me 25 years ago my God I
don't know how they actually it was in
the same conversation where they said
history is the shock wave of eschatology
how anybody could say that in 1975 I do
not understand anyway uh he also said we
should live as though the apocalypse has
actually has already occurred that's the
only way to transcend the historical
hysteria because the historical hysteria
is about this thing which it might
happen it won't happen it will happen
and now you say it did happen it did
happen so enough about that already and
we are building you know each
thing that we do anticipates this deeper
fall all inward into the dream the dream
is what awaits us at the end of History
the dream and you can call it hyperspace
or cyberspace or the trans death realm
but what it really is is it's a going
into the dream and what is the Dream
well the dream is a place where the laws
are set by the
imagination the imagination is God in
the dream and if there is a way for us
to mirror our highest aspirations in
other words to inculcate the god image
in ourselves then it's by becoming the
masters of our dream and then creating
through drugs technology magic who cares
the details come later creating a way to
share that so that we each then are a
god with an open Office Doorway to all
the other gods who wand through looking
at the the the cosmogonies that we
produce as art I was thinking about this
this morning because I was thinking you
know what am I going to say to these
folks and I was thinking about the the
platonic Triad of the good the true and
the Beautiful and sometimes people have
dissed me and my obsession with
hallucination because they say you know
well LSD doesn't really cause
hallucination it causes insight
and complex thoughts but why are you so
focused on visual hallucination which I
am I mean I just if it doesn't do that
I'm not interested uh and then I thought
the way into it is Plato talks about the
good the true and the
Beautiful but the key concept is
beautiful because good it's abstract
true it's abstract but beauty is felt
preceived with the senses as music as
painting whatever it is and so the the
bridge to the metaphysical absolutes of
truth and the good is through through
the palpable Realm of the
beautiful and to my mind this is what
these psychedelics achieve you know they
they as Huxley said you know they they
dial open the valve of Consciousness or
as Blake implied you know the the the
window of perception is cleansed and
then you see through into an infinite
holographic recursive world of mind and
affectionate um
intelligence and somehow this mystery is
in the body and therefore outside of
time and therefore Beyond in some sense
the reach of
culture sex is like this to some degree
