sex is in the body and outside of time
and culture spends huge amount of its
energy trying to reach sex trying to
contort it push it one way or another
and has you know produced some pretty
bizarre themes and variations but
generally speaking has failed I mean no
Society certainly has ever gotten rid of
sex even though you know there have been
societies ruled for A Thousand Years by
men wearing dresses but uh gave us some
of the
most ried minstral
uh
around uh so there is this mystery in
the body I'm now returning to the
subject of psychedelics beyond the reach
of
cultural uh manipulation and discovering
this and exploring it is somehow the
frontier of
maturity culture is a form of enforced
infantilism you know it's the
last
nursery and most people never leave it
and they are perfectly happy to
interpret the world through the
reassuring nonsense of their cultural
values whatever they may happen to be
the reason psychedelics are so
politically Dynamite is because they
cast doubt on this final cultural
envelope of insulation and they do it
very
democratically it doesn't matter what
your cultural conditioning is it falls
into question under the influence of the
Psychedelic and then for most people
that's frightening frightening enough
that they don't not only don't want to
do it but they are also Keen to see that
other people don't do it because they
realize this is some kind of a doorway
through which demons come disruptive
ideologies strange forms of Music
bizarre behaviors unpleasant Fashions uh
it's all coming from the this place
where these people are messing around
and so there is an Impulse uh to close
it off and so there is you know a a a
tradition 50,000 years old of shamanism
SL
bohemianism uh people who are deputized
to be weird and are told okay you be
weird we'll give you a Hut at the edge
of the village you're you be weird and
if we need you we'll
call that's basically the
role no don't buy we'll call you you
know I mean the the political position
of shamans is fascinating in these
societies because
they share it but they are not of it you
know and they're only asked in when
things are really
desperate and and I think you know
bohemianism this orphic tradition I've
talked about this that goes back way way
back is the
continuation of that and so we here
represent to some degree a self-
selected group of these oric eccentrics
which who carry the this charge of
otherness in many languages the word
Shaman means go
between go between Shaman moves between
levels and the mythologies differ you
know either into a spirit world or an
ancestor world or an animal world but
the
goete and uh now let me see if I can tie
this all up oh I know I wanted to follow
this thing out about the suppression of
male dominance through chemicals and
diet and psilocybin and all that the
reason that is fascinating to me aside
from the fact that it answers some real
conundrums in in homonid
evolutionary arguments is that it then
has an implication for the
present because we are the the damaged
Heirs of this of a damaged cultural
style which has been practiced now for
about 7,000 years and you know there
have been various corrective measures
all failures I think uh
Christianity Christ a corrective measure
somebody who comes who says you know
don't do it that way you know and they
get rid of him and within 50 years the
