church he founded is dealing real estate
and you know then you get it in Islam
another correct effort but these things
have not worked the cultural style has
been too toxic and with the rise of
modern science and the
acceleration of the toxic consequences
of bad ideology we now come to the 20th
century and throughout the 20th century
there has been an Impulse Y what means
bad
ideology ideology that has consequences
that are bad for the envir environment
and uh and the gene pool who knows what
is bad for the
environment well nobody knows absolutely
but when you think about things like
plutonium and nuclear weapons stockpile
I mean I agree with you that in the
largest picture moral relativism makes
it impossible to say anything about good
and bad but I'm not that morally
relativistic I think bi ology should be
preferred over its absence and that
intelligence should be preferred over
its
absence um so I'm in the and because I
think the universe wants to preserve
novelty I mean that could actually be
the basis of a kind of ethic bad is that
which destroys novelty and good is that
which promotes it it sounds awfully
Progressive I remember the first time I
was in Pakistan and I caught this Rick
Shaw into laor and this guy was P being
pulled by a human being you know muscle
power and this guy said oh you're an
American this and that and he said you
know what's he said this country is
screwed up this country is really
screwed up and I said well what's wrong
with it and he said you want to know
what's wrong with it progress too much
progress and this was a man who made his
living pulling people around in a Rell
so you know it's it's a a relativistic
thing but but what I wanted to say was
um there is an intelligence in the
species that is deeper than the
societies and the systems that we erect
to rule us and this wisdom of the
species can make enormous changes in the
evolution of the mass psyche such as the
Renaissance for example and in the 20th
centur Century this has taken the form
of what I call the archaic revival and
one of my books is called the archaic
revival the 20th century which is a
vast stage crowded with different kinds
of competing social phenomena art
movements so forth and so on
nevertheless I think the entire thing is
illuminated by the notion that what it
is about is an Impulse toward
arism that in the Sciences the Arts
everywhere the archaic ideal is Raising
its protein head and it begins with
Freud in the early years of the 20th
century discovering by interviewing
these vienes Bourgeois housewives that
you know human beings were brutes and
that you know incest rape all the stuff
was was right below the surface the
rediscovery of uh of uh the Beast and
you know certainly Germany developed
that theme up into the 40s
meanwhile uh people were bringing
African masks to Paris and cubism was
basing its early theory on the
deconstruction of primitive art
meanwhile people like Eric Sati were
abandoning the Cannons of Cl classical
composition in music and the 12-tone row
was being experimented Jazz was being uh
given new attention and and for its
primitiveness its Rhythm its sense of
something beyond the reach of
civilization meanwhile the
deconstruction of painting that had
begun with impressionism which you know
impressionism is simply 20 minutes into
LSD uh
had had gone deeper had developed first
of all into the deconstructive spirit of
daada where people tore up telephone
directories and rang Bells while they uh
you know did something else in other
words the obsurd
appears for the first time an enormous
theme in 20th century life just
