incoherent the incoherent idiocy of it
all and then
surrealism taking up the the Freudian
tune begins to portray these worlds of
uh of distorted Association and so forth
and so on well all this is about
boundary dissolution it was happening on
the Bohemian left it was happening on
the fascist right the rise of Marxism is
a collectivist theory of society very
concerned with
collectivism so forth and so on and then
you know enormous changes aitz the atom
bomb space flight and now where we are
is for 10 15 years there has been this
awareness that it is about uh direct
experience of the
numinous and it's been hideously
marketed and raped by our the
entrepreneurial Instinct and pedal back
to us as dozens of new age C diced up
and presented as different from each
other but the impulse toward this
authentic dissolving experience is real
it was there in theosophy it was there
in the Beats it came up through the
hippies it survived the trivialization
of the New Age and and it has now found
its way into the youth culture into uh
Rave and uh house music and that whole
thing and it's healthy healthier than it
ever was well the central figure in all
of this when you get it down to the idea
that a culture must have a culture hero
uh meaning a paradigmatic uh ideal to
constellate around uh the central figure
has it has been realized is the
shaman who is you know this person of
indeterminate depth everyone else has a
determinable depth they are the linear
cardboard people walking around but the
shaman is of indeterminate depth that's
why the that's the secret of Carlos
castan is Magic he creates a literary
character that in any other culture
would be deemed mythical but because of
our attitude toward the depth of the
shaman we can't tell we can't tell and
we deputize this kind of depth in rock
stars uh in uh culture Heroes of various
sorts and worshiped that for the past 20
years or so well then slowly it has
dawned that the position of worshipper
is not the most satisfying position the
only position that satisfies is to
be that thing and what that and then at
that point you're at the Psychedelic
Crossroads I think because you will
either make a
uh how do how can I put it well a a
conservative decision and seek a guru uh
of some sort and be lost in that which
is a whole shell game or you will simply
cut through the human domain and make a
pack with a plant a
substance and then you will at that
moment be at the threshold of your
adulthood you know that's leaving home
home is culture home is all is this
fabric of of imaginary values that have
been created and maintained by a
pathological
culture and so you know it's a personal
thing ultimately very controversial not
not easy to do and um and then once
done you know it has to be integrated
dealt with thought about and and that as
far as I can tell is a task that extends
well beyond the yawning
grave when you talked about the dream it
reminded me of the Aboriginal culture
and that's kind of how they live their
lives in the in the dream time is that
what you're talking about living in
dream being in time with yeah to some
degree I I don't know that much about
aboriginals I'm interested I read Bruce
chatwin's Book song lines and I found it
absolutely fascinating and if you want
an exam I mean I'll talk about it for a
minute because it Bears on something I'm
very interested in uh part of the
transformation that I think is going to
happen to us lies in the way we deal
with language
neurologically because under the
influence of psychedelics especially
short acting tryptamines like DMT you
experience phenomena which seem to
be uh transformations of the language
