modality and I've described this stuff
as visible language that you can
actually
sing meaning into visible existence and
I've seen this on iasa this is what iasa
is about the famous group states of mind
that anthropologists talk about what
they really are are three-dimensional
acoustical sculptures that are made by
groups of people who are loaded and it's
an extraordinary thing it's it's an
experience you can't have any other way
and it's not quite telepathy or perhaps
more than telepathy
and I the key Concept in
Communications is
bandwidth bandwidth the more bandwidth
you have the more detail color tone uh
you can impart to your signal well a
very low
bandwidth uh channel is the small mouth
noise Channel I mean this is about as as
primitive as it gets I mean short of
doing it in Morse code doing it by voice
is uh very very it's amazing that we
understand each other at all and in fact
you may have noticed one of the most
uncool things you can do is ask somebody
would you explain to me what I just said
and they say oh well uh oh dear I'm
afraid I was uh well generally you know
and a lot of floundering around uh in
these iasa states what you see are group
generated acoustical
hallucinations and because iasa is
composed of psychedelic compounds which
occur in normal brain chemistry in other
words nothing exotic to human brain
tissue is present it raises the question
well how close is normal metabolic
chemistry to be having a an ability to
do this and the answer is nobody knows
but very very close the pineal gland
produces a derog glumer tropane which is
a beta carolene uh six methoxy
tetrahydro haralan occurs or maybe it is
a denal tropine I can't remember anyway
there are active beta carbolines
produced in brain metabolism and
language is such an odd phenomenon
anyway in our species I mean notice that
you have to have two people to do it
which raises a real question about how
you get that coordinated the first time
out uh and uh and it's a
behavior it isn't an organ it isn't like
my arm my know it's a
behavior and a learned behavior and yet
a behavior so much more complex than any
other Behavior you ever ever learn I
mean I mean if you could if the average
person could walk like the average
person could talk they would be a prima
ballerina of the Russian
ballet it's very interesting that we
have such facility for the linguistic
Enterprise and uh how EV how it
evolves it's changing all the time and
well is it just changing in a kind of
forward lateral direction or is there
some kind of vertical G
here I mean can we actually describe
things better to each other than the
ancient Greeks could describe things to
each other can we say things which they
couldn't say or anything of
consequence U and I maintain yes I
maintain that culture you know freeways
international airports and so forth and
so on that's just the trailing edge of
of evolving language
well so
uh here's a story which relates to this
that is in Bruce Chaplin's Book song
lines there are these things called song
lines which cross Australia and uh they
can be thousands of miles long and uh if
you're a shaman and one of these things
crosses your territory then you must you
are The Keeper of the of the song of
that part of the line you must learn and
keep this
song There are 137 Aboriginal languages
in Australia so these people did the
following thing they went to a place
near one end of the song line and they
recorded a shaman singing his song of
that place and then they went 2,000
miles to another part of the same song
line and they found the songkey keeper
