of that place and they played the guy's
song for him and it was in a language he
didn't speak and he had never been away
from his own home he had never been to
this place so he listened to the song
and after a while he began to sing with
it not the words but the melodyy and he
sang with it uh the way you could sing
with green sleeves if you didn't know
the words but you heard the the melody
and then after it was over he said uh
the man who sang this song his place is
a but with three
mountains and Eucalyptus filling the
valley and a red rock like a lizard over
here so then they tried to analyze you
know what is happening here
is this telepathy is it magic what is it
and I think the key to understanding it
lies in I've recently seen you can
actually buy for about $600 a piece of
software where you glue electrodes to
your head and sit down in front of your
computer and you see an undulating
landscape of neural
routs that look lo and behold like
mountains valleys escarpments it's like
a visit to Utah and I am
convinced that what's happening is that
when you listen when the shaman listens
to the first Shaman
song he does not process the sound the
way we do he processes it the way this
computer is processing this neurological
input and what he's seeing is an
acoustical environment of sound and he
can see the place the song is the way it
is because the song is not a song the
song is a hologrammatic
actigram of the topology of the land
through which the song line passes these
people are called the most primitive
people in the world
remember so uh I I just recently became
aware of this it's very exciting to me
I'm interested in this software but this
is the kind of thing that lies out there
way because uh you see the world arrives
at the surface of your skin as one
thing but the the the the
senses bifurcate the incoming signal the
light goes to the eyes the acoustical
signal goes to the ears the tactile
signal is conveyed through the skin and
uh and and so then when we reconstruct
the world the well
are showing rather prominently in the
model and uh and what happens with the
psychedelics is it seems as though
somewhere deep in the brain there is a
an organ or a program that can take all
of the incoming sensory data and
actually recombine it into a cesic hole
which is neither seen nor felt nor heard
but which is you know Hol Gro or
something uh a a sense which unites all
of the other senses and that's what I
call going into this informational
superspace that's what the Psychedelic
experience is it's a it
reunify the sensory datm of uh of the
world and I might add the whole world
not the surface of the world which is
what is conveyed to To Us by light but
you know uh the the the internal
dimension of transcendence which is in
the world is also
present yeah I it's very interesting
that you you mentioned that Binding
Together of the senses I attended a
conference earli this year called a t a
scientific basis for
Consciousness in um Arizona and a number
of the presentations focused on the way
in which the brain operates when this
binding takes place and it turns out
that different cortical groups start to
talk to one another by oscillating
together in Phase right and U when they
phase locked like that then they bind
this information into a hole and I'm
reminded of the researcher Michael Pon
grew up at Laurentian University in
Canada who has been focusing on um the
electromagnetic field of the earth and
its effect on the brain in particular
he's been interested in the correlation
between earthquake activity and ghost
sightings and such like but he's pointed
out that the the Earth's magnetic field
