they open their paper and say
strange uh pattern in Wheatfield near
Wiltshire they look and say aha I knew
it this is what we've been waiting for
this is the sign and they jump in their
car and they drive to Wilshire to look
at the crop circle
and they get there first well then comes
the press and they say well what is this
say well the farmer doesn't know and
everybody's standing around and finally
the weird person takes
courage and
says well actually I've been studying A
peculiar form of biological energy for
some 30 years and uh my theory uh and
you're off and running at that point and
uh so weirdness attracts
weirdos who then interpret the
weirdness very
weirdly because they came with sharpened
axes to grind you see and uh it it the
crop circle thing was a test case for
this this is why I spend so much time on
it it did no credit to anybody the
occult just went sailing over the edge
and
science hardly behaved any better
because there was this guy if any of you
are interested in this there's a
wonderful book called Around in Circles
by Jim Schnabel that goes into all this
but there was a fellow named Terrence
Meen who was a
meteorologist and when the first crop
circles
appeared and the the weirdos began
talking about torc forces messages from
Atlantis and so forth and so on he
jumped into The Fray and said nonsense
nonsense the this is a meteorological
phenomenon in the warm days of summer on
the Le side of these certain kinds of
Hills a kind of circular uh low pressure
wind can get going and this is nothing
to get excited about and we've got the
statistics and so forth and so on and
the Press loved him they loved him as
much as the screw balls and they would
put him on and first they would
interview the Mad people and then teren
Meen would come on and and poo poo it
away so that was the first year of the
crop circles the next year the crop
circles became considerably more
elaborate with arrows coming off of them
and zigzags and so forth and so on bring
Terren Meen on to to the scene and he
says well you know the new field of
dynamic instability indicates that the
mathematical solutions to these
breakdown states are very complicated
and unusual patterns and so then the
next year it was inconceivably complex
the crop circles meanwhile you know crop
circle time is in the springtime it's
dead in the winter cu the fields are in
empty so so meiden had used the winter
time to go to The Institute of
electrostatic physics in
ngoya and came back full of uh talk
about plasma roving plasmic
fields and uh this sort of thing and
armed with the roving plasmic Fields no
crop circle was too bizarre to not
proclaimed the product of natural forces
and and this went on and finally BBC 2
and you know you can think about this
what you like but uh they made a crop
circle in frustration with this whole
thing they made a crop circle and among
the crop circle cognosante there are
certain moves that are the favorite
moves that are the authenticating moves
moves the no human being could possibly
do it moves and so the the BBC 2 people
made a very good crop circle and they
brought Terence Meen out and uh said you
know Terrence we've just spotted one
over here and get you right to the scene
before the tourists get there and they
toured with him and he pointed out you
know the distinguishing characteristics
no doubt about it this and then they sat
him down in the center of this field and
they I said Terren we made
it and you know it's a horrible thing
actually to see a a grown man
cry because you know I mean he is
devastated but and then you know this is
