just one of moments you know rert my
comrade in arms sheld Drake was one of
the people who sponsored the contest
that basically put the crop circles out
of business because the claims were
fantastic you know no person could do
this so forth and so on so they what
they did is they they got Farmers to uh
donate 10 acre tracts of English corn
which is wheat and uh for 50 lbs you
could enter and everybody had to make
the same crop circle which was one
chosen to have all all the difficult uh
little schmies in it and you could use
no lights you had to go into the field
at 10 p.m. and be out by 4: a.m. and uh
at dawn you know the helicopters flew
over with the video cruise and then crop
circles were toured on the ground and
awards were made and this guy Jim
Schnabel who wrote this book I
mentioned by him himself in total
darkness in 2 and 1/2 hours made uh the
winning entry and it was a very close
tie between him and a helicopter crew
from a nearby Air Base who also made one
so uh and and yet and this is to some
degree the whole point of the story and
yet there are people whose eyes fill
with tears when I do this this rap
because they haven't heard and it will
never die now I'm convinced it's an
informational virus loose in the world
and you know crop circles will
occasionally appear and uh but it was
really a breakout that was so
predictable from the unconscious that it
amazed me while it was going on how many
friendships were strained over this
thing uh list that kind of also culation
of the history of the Catholic
church and the fall of the Ming
dasty I
[Laughter]
believe well I think there's like a
virus embedded within the virus here
because part of what happened when these
sorts of things you're uped onto the
media scene and and this is true for UFO
you know whenever one of those outbursts
take place um is that there's this
incredible elaboration and complexity
that emerges in the kinds of stories
that people are telling the abduction
thing would be the latest by the way
peringer is involved in that too by
showing that electromagnetic fields to
the brain can induce these weird out of-
the body experiences but in the case of
crop circles they've been reported for
many decades but they've not received
much attention they're just little
circles that have a spiral pattern in
them and they've been seen around the
world and I I my person view is that
there's probably a series of different
phenomena that have been shoveled into
one category but when the media gets a
hold of them all crop circles are the
same and when fril design starts showing
up outside the University campus there
you know the the mandal BR set which is
one of the most ridiculous of the crop
circle patterns um the the media
presents the image that these are all
the same they're all the same phenomena
and so consequently probably I wouldn't
be surprised that Meen might be right at
some level that there are dust devil
like phenomenon no I agree with you
completely I mean they track down a
1733 account of something called The
Devil's
mower uh and you know I grew up in
western Colorado and part of my right of
initiation into manhood was enforced elk
hunting uh on Horseback every Autumn and
we would come upon
these places in the forest that had been
Whirled down and the explanation was
just these are deadfalls from whirlwinds
but it always seemed to
me had anybody ever seen one of these
things occur it was a very odd
explanation yes it's about informational
Distortion and Decay you're you're quite
right I I went to a flying saucer
convention against my better judgment
and I learned more my EV my opinion
about flying saucers evolved more over
