the potential for the manipulation of
belief systems and this is something
jacqu B talks about in his books that um
there's a kind of a Sinister undertone
that uh the military is uh is bringing
people in who are UFO die hards and
saying look at these documents we can
prove that there's this Majestic group
and then pulling snatching them back and
the UFO enthusiasts go out and tell the
world about it and and launch stories
about aliens Under the Desert in Nevada
collaborating with the military and the
newspapers pick it up they're completely
poo pooed uh meanwhile the uh there's
there's tests of a new spy plane called
project auroraa that travels six times
the speed of sound and it leaves this uh
blue it's like a traveling blue ball of
light that's clearly a UFO and if
anybody sees it traveling over the
desert and picks up the phone and calls
the paper nobody will report it they
managed to no it's clear that those
black black projects and a aora is the
one is being run out there and that's
very exciting I mean a plane that can
fly to orbit yeah ow J what is your
opinion on the biosphere did you get
into that at all and John Allen and the
whole stick there I didn't I knew those
people in the early 80s I knew uh 83 81
in the Amazon they said they were headed
for
Mars
uh I don't know I'm
they are derivative of JG Bennett's
School of
gerief and I've I have a rule which is
I'm against any group that keeps secrets
and gerian keep secrets I'm not against
gerian per se in fact it's kind of too
bad they get into the category but
secret keeping is a bad habit and uh if
you tell me a secret I'll probably tell
it uh nobody ever told me not to say
anything um so so my I've followed them
with interest over the
years it's too bad it's another thing
led by a middle-aged white guy but uh
you know they seem to have uh they seem
to have the
pull but I want to return to something
you said I mean this can be the last
thing about flying saucers but let me
give you my conclusion from this
weekend of of how the whole Flying
Saucer thing worked I mean this is just
one person's opinion but this is how I
explain it to myself as you know in 1947
the reneer lights appeared and if you
cast that was the first big modern
Flying Saucer sighting and set off the
whole modern Flying Saucer phenomenon
well cast your mind back to the Ambiance
of 1946
uh the atom bomb was in 45 the defeat of
Germany the hbomb was under develop
under development Einstein was advising
Truman I mean people were on the brink
of things they could not understand
nobody knew what it really what the
hbomb really meant what does it mean
that we can do this and they they said
well you know we don't know maybe the
universe is monitored and what we're
doing is so outrageous that maybe it
will bring those who do the monitoring
and then they began to get these reports
of these things in the sky and said my
God this must be it and there were very
high level government secret secret
secret commission set up and they began
to study the flying saucers furiously
and they
penetrated all those group and they
penetrated ated this Flying Saucer thing
from one end to the other and I'm
talking 47 to say
54 and they studied it and they studied
it and they Carl Yung was brought in and
all kinds of people were brought in and
at the end of that period they
concluded that what it was they actually
understood it they concluded that it was
the cosmic giggle they concluded that it
was that
unreducible
nub of nuttiness that haunts reality and
that it was not a threat to the security
