of North American Air defenses that was
their question is this a military
problem for us and by 54 or so they had
decided whatever this is a linguistic
virus a mass hallucination of whatever
it is it is not a problem for the
military defense of North America but
they had spent Millions infiltrating and
completely taking over the weirdest
group of screw balls you can imagine the
Flying Saucer hardcore cultists and they
said well what these people will believe
anything we know that because we've been
to their meetings we've read their
Publications what should we do with them
should we just withdraw all our agents
and let them go back to whatever they
were doing and the answer was no these
people will become a pool for
experiments in uh manipulation of
information control of belief systems
response to propaganda a whole bunch of
blackbox psychological and programming
and informational kinds of research will
be done on this pool of people because
they're so weird if they start telling
their relatives that they're hearing
voices in the head or something like
that their relatives and friends are
just going to say so what else is new
you've been talking like this for years
and I think it was kept like that right
up until the present moment and but I
think it's very low budget this is not
high priority for the CIA they're
sending as I said semi-retired guys in
scuffed brown shoes je who were
definitely over the hill but they
shephered the group along and as you
said they released these outlandish
documents and then they pull them back
and some guy comes forward and says it's
all a fraud and I know because I was on
the inside and I was the one paid to
tell you all these things and then
somebody else comes forward and says no
he's a walk-in and has an implant and it
wasn't that way at all and it's sort of
like the JFK assassination you know it
there is no Bedrock there there is no
ground zero and I find these things sort
of spooky I think it's bad mental
hygiene to spend too much time with
squirrels and that uh they can infect
you yeah you don't know you know put
down that groundhog baby Elizabeth you
don't know where it's
been what is truth Terence well that's
an easier
question what are what one is sure of uh
very little I would I would think well
I'm getting ready to say
nothing uh I guess that's what it is
everything is
provisional i i as to I mean what I
believe in is the what I called and I
mentioned it last night the felt
presence of immediate experience the
primary
datum I'm very aware that everything
else else is a construct moving out from
that and so the primary datam is the
first
level of being but to say I believe in
it you know in Western philosophy
deart and that would in be in like
1625 said kago Eros I think therefore I
am and that seemed to make sense for 200
years it was an effort to get back to
the most basic statement you could make
I the given
think the felt the datum of immediate
experience but then the
therefore is an enormous abyss of
assumption that may have made sense to
decart but it does not make sense to
Modern people I think what we can say is
I think if you're not thinking then you
are no more than the onrush of your
metabolism and not greatly different
from your cat or your
dog well thinking Co we're not making
here a distinction between thinking and
feeling what I mean when I say thinking
or the felt presence of immediate
experience is more like what most people
call feeling
it's the
awareness of being you know in its most
simple
