sense uh now then there is this curious
congruency which is not well understood
by anybody I mean between mathematics
and nature so we have now a couple more
things to play with we have the felt
presence of immediate experience the eye
which feels and then we have as mental
objects in the given datum of experience
both mathematical
structures and the given natural
world and there is some deep and
profound congruence between these two
and the relationship is not understood
by anybody I mean to me this is really
the question why does mathematics
describe nature that's a deeper question
than most um and so I live by
questions I don't see how you can live
any other way I mean you have to
remember we're we're animals we're meat
we're specs of replicating organic
chemistry on the surface of a planet if
we can make a model of our environment
that's seems to us a sufficiently clear
mirror that is probably about as far as
you can go the idea that we can
actually uh cognize the dynamic of being
I is is
is well it's a noble hope I try to do it
I mean I actually try to create a
complete
explanation but I always call them
models because you have to throw them
away you have have to keep adding to the
model and then uh throwing it away the
real justification for psychedelics is
that they feed new data into your model
you know what we're doing is
triangulating points in some kind of
phase space and if you go to
Paris you know more about reality than
people who don't and if you smoke DMT
you know more about reality than people
who don't
and the so the idea is to triangulate a
sufficient set a sufficiently large
number of data points in your set of
experience that you can make a model of
the world that is not
imprisoning uh that's why second to
psychedelics I think travel is the most
boundary
dissolving um educational Enterprise
that you can get mixed up in yeah I
think one problem is with with
everything we experience and outside all
with psychedelics is that um we we
experiencing only more or less what we
are believing with some um variabilities
so um so maybe maybe we can see yeah
it's there's an possible other world
there is something more and maybe that's
all maybe I can I can understand the
experience in my personal um
life but I can't take it for real it's
it's in some kind of it's in some way
real but I have to check out if I'm
producing this if I believe that for
example world is bad then I will
experience a bad other world something
like this so I never can be sure of this
because of my belief system I producing
well in what you say there's a strongly
expressed dichotomy between self in
world I mean this question of reality
non-reality and so but there is you can
perform a kind of philosophical
reduction and satisfy yourself that the
self and World distinction is not
primary you know that who looks Through
Your Eyes is the
world yeah I would probably buy into
that that it shows us that there is uh
that there is something else
although I do think that the way ideas
emerge into
culture which happens naturally without
psychedelics is probably accelerated by
psychedelics I think the experience over
the past thousand years is that ideology
is
poisonous you have two kinds of
ideologies that we've experimented with
over the past Thousand Years
unsuccessful ones where I would nominate
uh
uh I suppose
Christianity and successful ones like
science and it turns out whether they're
successful or unsuccessful the
