consequences for the rest of us are
pretty horrendous the world seen through
the lens of ideology is uh a a very
limited world and the great
catastrophes of the past thousand years
have been brought on by uh ideological
errors that's why you know I'm very
suspicious of this thing I talked about
last night that I called the world
corporate state but on the other hand
the world corporate State seems to be
less
ideological than any
organizing entity that we've seen in a
long time it it has no real ideology
other than it wants to do
business which is hardly you know a
cosmic
Vision yeah we've had a major major
shift as far as this corporate state is
concerned in the last 10 20 30 years and
that is the
shareholder is wanting more than
dividends now the shareholder is also
the consumer wants the responsibility of
the corporate state so the management of
these corporate states are having to
adapt themselves to provide what their
shareholders and consumers want yeah
well so what you're saying is it's being
modified from the bottom up exactly yeah
but I think we should that that what
electronic culture permits is incredible
diversity and that um what the print
created
World demanded and created was uh
tremendous suppression of diversity
print created Concepts like the citizen
that's a print created notion it created
Concepts like the public there was no
public before print that idea didn't
even exist so we now Define ourselves as
I'm a member of the public I'm a citizen
uh these are very curious categories
where you discover yourself a member of
very large organizations that you never
remember
joining uh you just sort of were born
into it um what the electronic culture
empowers is uh
diversity
eccentricity and uh and uh a
pluralistic kind of mix and that's very
threatening to the print mind because
the print mind is all about controlling
through uh having groups of people that
you can deal with that's why in a sense
print uh or or television served a print
agenda for the first 20 years of its
existence because it was used in the
network form which is only one way to do
TV in that form the real impact of
Television could be masked for a long
time because by having millions of
people watch the same TV programs you
there is a tendency to overcome the
deconstruct uh impulse in TV and it
begins to act like print now of course
that's breaking down and you know the
only people who watch Network TV live in
trailer courts but uh there was a time
when you see that's what happened what
was everybody's
media 25 years ago has become the media
of the lower middle
class and then everybody else uh the
lower class has fallen into its own
media you know underground radio
stations boom box and this and then the
the upper echelons of society have gone
to computer networks email fiber optics
and uh view on demand
TV television I mean is to my mind the
most Insidious drug that the 20th
century has had to deal with and uh you
know it is a drug it's the first of the
electronic drugs and it's imp
um if it were heroin people would be
alarmed I mean that people are on
average watching 6 hours a day of TV and
I don't even think it's a Content
problem I think television itself is
toxic it's not how many murders you
witness it's the actual physic this is
what mlan was always trying to say that
people couldn't understand what he meant
when he said that the medium was was the
message the message is not the message
the medium was the message and the
effects it had I mean we have millions
