of people who are warehoused in almost a
larval state in their Apartments
watching TV paying for their medical
plans and glued to this mindless Opera
of cultural Decay that is recited day
after day in front of them I mean it's
horrible to imagine and uh this this is
you know a creation to some degree of
the world corporate state that probably
has to be addressed yeah there's a
wonderful book that's just come out
called media virus by Douglas rushkoff
uh that addresses this this problem
really very well have you read that I
haven't read that I know Doug uh his
other book Siberia is a nice look at to
cyber culture uh yeah yeah
interesting of get what do you think is
going to happen with this video TV V
whatever U no I think well no I think
that the that the most important
cultural event happening right now is
the rise the explosive growth of the
internet and the web I mean the idea
that with my
$1,200
power book I can access 3,000 computers
around the planet by just plugging into
a telephone
jack is staggering I mean this is a
revolution of orders of magnitude and
that has happened completely
invisibly nobody's Windows had to be
rocked out and no camps had to be EST
nothing appears to have changed the
people who are not switched on don't
even know anything has happened to them
the world looks exactly like it looked
five years ago to the people who are
switched on Earth is becoming a distant
memory um that Med of the
internet well the internet is the global
brain the Cyber spatially connected
telepathic Collective domain that we've
all been hungering for I mean it is so
powerful and it has arisen with
Incredible speed and by a very Insidious
fashion I mean first of all as I
mentioned last night it was a the
internet was originally called arpanet
it was the advanced research projects
agency it was this super secret military
industrial thing that they wanted to
survive a Thal nuclear attack and so
they designed it to be unkillable it has
no Central switching Zone if you blow up
a part of it it just flows around the
part you blow up it is
unkillable so that was
arpa and now it's become public domain
and uh it's incredibly empowering for
any minority because you can find your
peers it doesn't matter what you're into
you know you can play the
shenai and join the shenai playing
Society uh so no matter how eccentric
your interest you can find Common Ground
out there then the other thing is
information that I'm not kidding you 10
years ago the director of the CIA
sitting at his desk in Langley Virginia
didn't have have the the information
processing capacity that you now have
plugging into your power book at any
phone jack in the world because these
databases are there and if you know how
to surf the net if you know how to
program your noots so that while you're
sleeping they're sorting through and
visiting various sites and downloading
and looking and looking you cannot
believe what's out there I mean the
entire planet has been turned into a
local telephone call and not only you
know not to talk to people but to talk
when when you go on to the NCSA main
page in bavia Illinois it it says
available resources you click on that
and 1,500
computers come on the names of them and
you just point and click and now you're
talking to that
computer and it tells you that the
really interesting thing is being stored
on another computer not in Madrid but in
Singapore and you point and click now
you're talking to the main menu in
Singapore you go out onto the net in the
course of an hour of moving on the net
you may Circle the planet 10 times and
