talk to 50 computers all over the world
and you're downloading files and you're
tracing your path so that you can go
back and this is this is happening it's
been happening for quite some time 30
million people are out there and because
it requires literacy and technology and
and money those 30 million people
probably are uh among probably only 10%
of the people who rule the planet are
not on that net and it's where the
cultural architecture is being put in
place now and it's this invisible space
which is where we should have been
building all the time so I I think this
is the doorway into the new dimension
into which we're going and that these
Technologies put in place for no reason
other than to facilitate Bank transfers
and do incredibly mundane things are
turning out to be uh you know the seeds
of our electromagnetic body in
hyperspace yeah can you elaborate on
your understanding of uh virtual cities
being designed uh using computer Nets
well it's simply that you want to create
an interface with a bunch of data and a
very crude way to do it is to have a
page with a list of computers and you
click and you go to the computer that's
that works but it's not very sexy well
but what if we made a three-dimensional
landscape and put
buildings in that landscape so that the
large red rectangle is the
AT&T data base the low Violet group of
integrated triangles is the national
medical database in other words you
simply make the icons three-dimensional
and analogous to buildings and then you
can build datat town where you know the
these enor instead of a list of
computers they appear to be a long line
of skyscrapers lining a Broad Avenue in
which you're driving down in a Ferrari
or something all this will come I mean
the engineers will do it how it looks is
IM material it's that it can be done
anyway yeah well from what you're saying
and it feels like this is going to be a
very intellectual snobbish it's going to
be
elitism because there's only going to be
a certain for a long time a certain
level of intellectual capacity A
literacy and illiterate um educational
so it's going absolutely pull apart and
make the the class system even more no I
think you're absolutely right that this
is happening this is part of the problem
that what is happening you see part of
the illusion of the
political history of the past 40 years
was the illusion that we were all
Presbyterians we all ate white bread and
we all lived in the suburbs and we all
were white folks and now the society is
fragmenting you're right there you know
there are people who can't read by the
millions in this Society meanwhile other
people are reaching for informational
Technologies so powerful that they can
barely be conceived of and uh this is
the consequence of political
mismanagement the I don't I I mean I
think the American Union is flying to
Pieces because the notion of
polity was betrayed in the
1960s and that from since the middle of
the
1960s this this has been a police state
of some sort you see after World War II
and they kicked Hitler's ass and all
that then everybody came back full of
idealism to raise families to build
America they'd been through the New Deal
there was a modicum of social
responsibility and Consciousness
hammered into the middle class and
everybody came back and then uh the
American political system went
haywire and uh basically because we lost
our nerve My Generation I'm 48 I went to
the University of California at Berkeley
in
1965 my generation was the
beneficiary of the idea that you should
give a
universal education to everybody and
they discovered that if you do that if
