you you take everybody and make them
read Plato and John Stewart Mill and
voler and Hobbs as we did that you know
you can't rule such people they take it
too seriously they become
ungovernable they pour into the streets
screaming about their rights and so in
the aftermath of the suppression of the
counterculture of the 60s it was decided
that the the goal of universal public
education and the building of an the of
a population intelligent enough to run a
democracy that would all be abandoned
and the universities would be turned
into trade schools and people would be
given
mbas and incorporated into the corporate
state but no more John Stewart Mill no
more of that and uh the consequences of
this has been to create a a history and
illiterate uh lower middle class where
before the lower middle class was the
pool of our intellectual creativity
that's where John Steinbeck came from
and Henry Miller and all of the people
who drove the evolution of cultural
values so and you know we could talk
endlessly about what went wrong in the
60s or why we were turned into a
state but
now the impulse of those kinds of
repressive States is to Forstall
change and change has been forestalled
in America to the point where now when
it comes it's going to be explosive
uncontrollable
revolutionary you know these the we will
be lucky to get through this political
cycle ahead of us without having to hang
some of these people well isn't this
part of the whole point of what's going
on right now you mean that there is this
tremend now we're going to have the
change inredible yeah the change which
should have been spread out over 30
years is now going to come in the next
five no matter who it hurts no matter
how chaotic it is uh well I don't know
how we got off on that uh the role of
psychadelics in all of this is that it
erodes loyalty to the models of the
tribe so we are the people who can see
and there may be others I'm not claiming
exclusivity for the Psychedelic
Community but the Psychedelic Community
loudly proclaims that the emperor has no
clothes this is all a con game that this
junk dealing hyper media obsessed nitwit
Society is an unfit environment for
delinquent 14year olds let alone for the
rest of us and this is news they don't
like to hear
well I think these things are always
more interesting if they're driven by uh
the agendas of the people here you got a
fairly long hit of me this morning if
there are any areas that you want to
bring into Focus uh this is a good time
to suggest it otherwise I'll just launch
into another Meandering diet tribe uh
and like that yes I'm interested in more
in iasa
uh there's a book which I'm not sure
it's been published yet but you should
all watch for it it's I hope will make a
revolution in iasa Awareness it's called
the three halves of IMO
moo and it was translated by a good
friend of many people in this room Ken
Simington translated it and it's by the
Peruvian poet Cesar
calvo and and it is it is a book about
iasa that could easily win the Nobel
Prize for literature it's not some
panting
anthropological reportage it's uh art
and Incredibly rich and if you get a
chance you should read it if you're
interested in this subject another book
about iasa that is no easy
read is a a book with the unlikely title
of
shamanism colonialism and the Wild Man
by Michael [ __ ] and it is an
intellectual journey to places you never
thought you'd pass through uh could you
spell the title of the first one the
three halves of what IMO moo uh IMO
space m
Oxo the three halves of IMO mosho um so
