I don't know how much more there is to
say about iasa from phenomenological
point of view what's interesting is that
it seems to hover on the edge of being a
a telepathic drug of some sort and in
fact in for the first 30 years of the
20th century the active principle was
actually called
telepathine uh and these German chemists
and Tor cooch grunberg and people like
that were were very interested in this
and then it was realized that it was
actually harming a previously discovered
substance but uh it isn't the kind of
telepathy where you see what other
people are thinking it's it's or or hear
what they're thinking it's more that you
actually see what is meant you have an
experience of meaning related to seeing
that is like wisdom I mean it's hard to
explain but whole societies are Guided
by people who are Intoxicated by this
material uh
yeah have any experiments been published
that actually demonstrated those
telepathic powers or was it um purely
subjective well no I think it's slightly
in a different realm I don't think it
will show up on like a card turning test
or something like that it is not
telepathy it's it's a different modality
of mind is what it is
uh through song and sound the boundaries
are dissolved but I don't know if if you
can set up a scientific scale that can
detect this um seems more like taking on
the mind of nature rather than something
that's right it's that there is a shared
state of mind but it is not a sharing of
State states of
mind I think I understand you see what I
mean yeah have you done any comparative
studying on other substances in
different other cultures for example the
Haitians and the voodoo and the the
substances that they work with and um I
suppose other other people all over the
globe well see it's a really it's a very
complicated question because cultural
values enter into the definition of what
is an acceptable or desirable
intoxication and there's a whole smorgus
Board of possibilities offered by Nature
from things which are incredibly
Pleasant and I don't know aphrodisiac
and so forth through a range of things
which nobody would ever do more than
once but then there's a kind of an
intermediate range I mean if you can
recall your first shot of
Scotch you know this is a shocking thing
to your system I mean your body does not
readily take to that and
uh Voodoo is operating on these
substances called
tetrodotoxins that come from puffer fish
that are much closer to being poisons
than to being
psychedelics where people uh are taken
out in the bushes and given something
and their stomach cramps and everything
turns yellow and they fall down on the
ground and they twitch and they vomit
and they beg to die and they want to die
and then 10 hours later they're fine and
they're brought down to the river and
slapped around and washed off and given
a piece of white cloth and told now
you're a full-fledged member of
society that's an ordeal poison and it
acts in some
very much like a psychedelic because if
the purpose of a psychedelic trip is to
get you back to your foundation thinking
you're going to die like a dog in the
ditch is also wonderful for doing that
uh but uh see I think different cultures
have made use of whatever was available
to them and uh we as a global culture
can look over the entire set of options
and say well here's a here's a plant
which makes you see Visions but also
sterilizes you for five years and here's
something else which does something else
and we can actually choose the best of
these tools this is the great leg up
that we have on the Aboriginal cultures
we are as it were a kind of Clearing
House for all of that information and
out of all of those many many options it
