turns out there are easy ways in not not
totally easy but
easier ways in and so you have to learn
which are the easy ways in the paths
which can be followed at all yeah Jess
um I have you had said something to me
over lunch about iasa and vomiting and
it made the idea of vomiting more
tolerable I don't know what it was but I
have a lot of resistance iasa because as
a child I bited every day when my mother
P St
juice well I think what I said was it
gets easier as you take like the second
iasa trip is easier than the first
generally and what that implies is that
this vomiting that you're doing is
actually a shedding of
toxins and this is certainly how they
view it they call it Laura The Purge and
they they culturally value and encourage
vomiting
um the another interesting thing about
IAS is that there's nothing in it that
doesn't occur in the ordinary human
brain there's just more of ordinary
brain chemistry there so that implies
that these extraordinary states of Mind
groupm
mindedness three-dimensional
hallucination and so forth are
nevertheless not that far removed from
ordinary states of brain chemistry and
you know in an
enlightened environment of medical
research these things would be studied
as it is it's all very messed up by
politics what's about the tradition um I
know that in these cultures they have
mythologies and they have a tradition so
if you transform or transfer um these
things to for example the states of
Western Europe um there isn't any
mythology a common mythology no well you
can never Escape your own
identity I mean you can never experience
what they
experience conversely they can never
experience what you experience I mean
I've been up against this where you're
sitting around in a in a Hut on your
hunches covered with pig grease and
waiting for something to come on and
inevitably you know my mind would drift
to
huser's uh General phenomenology of
ideas and I would try to perform the TIC
reduction and then I would just make me
burst out laughing the idea that you
know wonder how many people in the room
are performing the TIC reduction at this
moment not many so I I you know people
have criticized me because I don't align
myself with anthropology
I'm really interested in these things as
tools
for understanding
experience uh the cultures that have
discovered them often have very narrow
interpretations of them another thing is
some
cultures are afraid of the
unconscious and encourage going only a
very short distance in you know and I
think once you get the idea that it
can't really kill you and you know some
sometimes you it's hard to talk yourself
into this but if you can convince
yourself of that then you know just the
thrill of it and in a way that's
possible because we are deprogrammed
from idiology anyone else except a d
anyone else except a secular late 20th
century person would take a look at this
and assume it was God God Almighty and
behave
appropriately we look at it and say Well
it can't be God Almighty it must be
something else and then you know explore
it in an experiential
fashion yeah um so you talk about iasa
as um almost like a joy ride on some
level like it's
a one of the question a question I have
is what are the when you take iasa and
psilocybin acid those three things what
does each one specifically if you can
take in a nutshell what what direction
each one goes what could you say if you
made a sentence for each one of those to
