understand the difference well a
sentence a boundary I may not be able to
tolerate um well just
roughly the feeling with
aasa is that it's gan it's Earth
oriented you feel the river you feel the
jungle you feel the drama and pain and
nobility of life and death and it's
visceral you know it's about the meat
and and and the jungle and uh it's
feminine and then the character the
character of the hallucinations is it's
as though it's like a camera eye
it's largely silent but it's just an eye
that is moving through a vast Matrix of
visual information and after a good iasa
trip you just feel like you want to rub
your eyes you say my you know I just
been looking and looking it's like a
trip to Madison Avenue with money in
your pocket you've just been looking and
looking and looking and looking for
hours at this stuff and um it's in it's
almost invariably
beautiful in a in
a a jeweled
filigreed
multileveled transparent glittering
flowing kind of way and it almost always
takes place against a black background
for some reason these thing it goes on
against a black
background okay then psilocybin which is
just an atoms twist away is a very
different creature the most astonishing
thing about psilocybin and you're
hearing this from you know a materialist
of some sort is that it
speaks it it has a voice and if you
don't think this is confounding to the
rational mind to come up on this in the
detritus of your mind's attic it can
talk to you and and Astound you with its
Insight humor
uh ability to connect and make uh
insightful inclusions and so forth and
so on and the whole thing the whole
Simon experience is imbued with this
Eerie energy which has different names
but
elfan
gomic
extraterrestrial um you know their their
shiny eyed and
small and there's chattering and the
other thing is there are machines that
the psilocybon Visions have a tendency
to drift toward
technoscapes enormous machines in orbit
around alien planets and strange
architectonic forms where you don't know
whether you're wandering around inside
somebody's Cathedral or their television
set and uh and the whole thing has this
off world we are the galarian
civilization we hold the key to the
history of this sector of the kosm we we
you know it's this kind of thing almost
blast of trumpets and uh and the ringing
up of cosmic curtains it's very very
dramatic vagari and forward looking it's
about the destiny of the race and why
planets are put in place and what it's
all for could hardly be different from
iasa and yet you know an atom's twist
away
um then
DMT you know rests in some even
weirder domain of triangulation DMT you
don't only hear the voice but if you get
a sufficiently uh heroic dose it's like
you break through into the control room
where all the secrets are being run from
and built and there's this unbelievable
sense of finding out finding out beyond
your wildest dreams of ever finding out
and it's an inhabited mind space of some
sort that is so unexpected and so
convincingly real that you actually I
think a person who doesn't fear for
their sanity has already lost it at that
point because it is without a doubt you
know the absolutely the last thing you
ever expected to have happened to you
that you would burst into
some some place somewhere where there
would be these chattering self-
transforming linguistic creatures that
are made out of light and punning
intentionality and are are trying to get
