that what we're talking about here
whether we're talking about Madness
mysticism or psychedelics is a brain
State for the schizophrenic it is
Uninvited and
terrifying for the Mystic it's achieved
by excruciating acts of asceticism in
most cases which certainly have profound
physiological consequences on the
neuro Ecology of the
brain and for the smart money I think
you use a shamanic
technology I I think religion organized
religion of the high classical sort you
know Buddhism Hinduism Christianity and
so is very anxious about this whole
issue precisely because religion is
always anxious about the issue of direct
Revelation that was what shattered
religious consensus in Europe that's
what the Protestant Reformation was
about doctrinally I mean there were many
things going on but the doctrinal
argument was is it the job of
Specialists called theologians to study
scripture called
Revelation in order to tell the rest of
us what God's plan is or or is it better
for each of us to look within the
confines of our own souls and have our
own dialogue with God and figure it out
and that was basically the Protestant
position and it went against
hierarchical uh
theology yeah um I recently read about
some a mushroom called fly Agate and can
you comment on it U role in uh history
oh these are amazingly complicated
questions or either that I've
overeducated
myself could be
huh well uh there is a a whole domain of
of controversy and discourse about the
role of mushrooms in in human
culture because it it was noticed by
Gordon Watson in the 1950s that there
are two kinds invariably there are two
kinds of cultural attitudes to
mushrooms uh one is called
mopic and if you want to know what micil
ism is go to Russia go to Poland go to
Czechoslovakia where people have
hundreds of words for mushrooms several
holidays a year are set aside to collect
mushrooms uh children are named after
mushrooms so forth and so on the slaves
are into mushrooms
well then if you want to know what a
microbic culture is uh go to rural
England where there are no mushrooms
there are only toad stools and don't
touch them please they're highly
poisonous uh that's the the general
English uh and uh attitude toward
mushrooms so Gordon Watson wrote about
this all through the 50s and 60s and he
decided that you all probably have seen
if not the real thing
a plastic cast or depicted in
schal uh uh European illustrative style
the famous mushroom of fairy tales the
red mushroom with the white dots well
that is amonita muscaria and it grows in
a symbiotic mic risal relationship to
Spruce and birch trees and is used by
the shaman of the UT
language group and the Amur River Basin
and now it just happens that those
people in the Amur River Basin were the
first people studied by the new science
of anthropology when it wanted to study
Shamanism by chance this was and so ever
since the science of shamanism whether
we're talking about the shamans of the
Amazon Bas in central China South India
or Tiara del Fuego has had to labor
within the categories created by the
people who studied the Shamanism of the
Amur River Basin and the use of the
amonita muscaria was
tremendously overstressed by wson I
think he wrote a book called s the
Divine mushroom of immortality in which
he argued that Aman muscaria was the
Soma of the rig vades you you may not
know it but the rig vadas are largely
these hymns composed in the in the vadic
phase of the Hindu religion to a
mysterious
intoxicant Som nobody knows what Som is
