but much scholarly ink and blood has
been shed on the question and Gordon
Watson argued that it had to be omon a
muscaria and made a case which impressed
some people and not others the most Dam
daging evidence against him was it's
hard as hell to get off on this stuff
and when you finally do get off the
experience is extremely
ambiguous I mean shivering and
salivating and thinking you're losing
your marbles is not my idea of the
ecstatic Ascent to the presence of the
ploma and a lot of other people thought
so too so then there there were was lots
of Hass
about well then it it did seem that
Wasson had secured the case that the
vcams were about a mushroom that was his
breakthrough but his mistake was he he
got the mushroom wrong and then created
an entire false cultural history based
on this error and you know this uh I'm
not interested in fling you with my
theory but if you're interested it's
told in the book food of the Gods
because
as I mentioned this morning I think
siloc
cybin was the Catalyst that triggered
the emergence of of self-reflecting
Consciousness in human beings and so my
mushroom story is not a story of a
subarctic toxic mushroom cult that
carried itself into India along with the
indoan invasions my story is an older
story about a mushroom room that
contained psilocybin and flourished in
the grasslands of Africa and was present
as nomadism slowly evolved into the
domestication of cattle and as we talked
about this morning the suppression of
gender dominance with the addition of
psilocybin in the diet created a
partnership society that existed up
until the invention of agriculture and
climatological
change uh made the mushroom difficult to
obtain and at that very critical
juncture after perhaps 50,000 years of
mushroom induced suppression of of
hierarchical dominance patterns the the
withdrawal of the mushroom from the
human diet allowed the old pattern to
reassert
itself but at this point you know we had
language we had Agriculture and what did
we do we quickly organized monotheistic
religions city states Warrior casts God
kingship uh the world of the Lash and uh
and
uh the god king basically and we have we
are the unhappy inheritors of that
circumstance uh to the present day and
and that why our situation is so bizarre
and why we are so neurotic if you will
it's because human consciousness evolved
in an entirely different cultural Malu
than we now exist in it it evolved in a
world in which the Guan
logos was absolutely real to every man
woman and child in the
society and uh I believe that the
tendency in the homono to form
monogamous pair bonding was eroded by
the presence of silos Simon because it
promoted an orgastic sexual style and
the social consequences of that were
that men could not Trace lines of male
paternity and so you have an an intense
impetus toward Collective bonding in a
group like that because the children are
our children the children of the group
uh the nuclear family is I think a
somewhat maladaptive
fragmentation from all of this and this
is important for us to understand
because we have practiced a neurotic
style of culture for a long long time it
has permitted the conquest of matter but
that now is done I mean once you know
hydrogen Fusion you can put it in a
bottle at Yale will then and you've been
there done that and now we have to swing
the thing back into balance the tools
that we acquired on the Journey of the
prodigal Sun through the world of
matter can you cannot redeem the moral
cost of that in yet unless those tools
are brought to bear to now redeem the
