planet I mean if there is any
justification for history at all it must
be
that it secured a longer evolutionary
life for
intelligence uh on the
planet and uh you know as far as how the
psychedelics fit into this in the
individual scheme uh psychedelics are
not flashlights into the chaos of the
Freudian
unconscious they are tools for
mathematically unpacking your mind into
into a higher dimensional space in the
Newtonian and print created social space
that we're walking around it you are
like a self-extracting archive that
hasn't self-extracted itself
yet uh and then you take psilocybin and
you self extract and
unfold uh and because think about it I
mean I'm very serious about this uh
think about what the Shaman's functions
are in the classical Paleolithic model
the Shaman's functions are to predict
weather to uh anticipate the movement of
game and
enemies and to heal
disease well now how how could you do
those three
things well the answer is if you could
see into next week that would be helpful
that would allow you to do all three of
those things predict the WEA together
see the movement of game and enemies and
make very astute choices about who you
accepted as your
patients uhhuh you
see and and and so what we see here is
that there's a kind of selection going
on for an ability to triangulate complex
systems into the future and I think that
now the reason the Psychedelic
experience is so compelling to me is
because I on always i' I took
psychedelics for
years with the question what is it and
then I never could understand what it
was and people said this is the wrong
question and on and on but finally I
realized I see what it is it's
everything it's uh you know that piece
of dog girl I saw eternity the other
night an endless Golden Ring well that's
it you simply you just rise out of the
Newtonian spatial plane and you look
back and there is eternity hanging in
space like a Galaxy and that's what the
Psychedelic experience is a sectioning
of
yeah I'm trying to phrase the right
question it essentially
goes uh do you manufacture this stuff
out a whole
thought in your
mind is it there in the
beginning or is it something you've
taken
in is it new information or something
that your brain is remarkable it could
be
processing and creating
images going on there see my original
bent was I wanted to be an art historian
and so the job of of an art historian is
to understand the evolution of motifs
and how styles are transformed at the
hands of certain artists and over time
and in different places so it's this
kind of specialized thing with a visual
vocabulary and I thought you know you
could go into the Psychedelic experience
and you could perform an art historical
reduction on it and say aha well that's
Tibetan treatment of a line and that's a
mauy way of port and it was not like
that it was like the art that is made on
another planet art that arose completely
in the absence of human conventions or
values and that convinced me that I it
wasn't being generated from
myself and you know and then I read Yung
and I realized that there was a very way
to define the cell
that would allow it to produce that kind
of thing but it's really accomplished by
a rhetorical trick because the word self
means that which is most familiar to me
well if that which is most familiar to
me can generate something completely
