unrecognizable to me to call it the self
is to betray the notion of the self so
what I've called it over the years from
the very very beginning I can't even
remember how long ago we incorporated
this nomenclature is I called it the
other and you know the the German
historian of religion Rudolph utto
defined God as the holy other the holy
and totally other he said this is
somewhat like Nicholas cis's Theology of
the late of the fifth 14th Cent where he
said God can only be defined by negative
statements God is not this God is not
that uh um the ho other and the
experience of DMT seems to be that and I
don't know if it's just that we are
neurologically set up that there's a
button in us the equivalent of a reset
button that just clears all the
registers and that's why it's wholly
other it's wholly other because you just
dumped your entire memory load off your
disc and you're now looking at a clean
disc for the first time in your life and
you don't have the faintest idea what it
could possibly be it's something like
that language fails anticipation fails
uh and naturally because we have this
sort of metaphysical openness in our
ideological systems we identify this
holy other Ness with god with the
Transcendent force in our lives and so
it seems to be in
fact you and then
you yeah any I'm interested in u the
idea
of an other talks to and you've talked
uh before about the fact that the
mushroom talks so I have two questions
one is is your experience only with the
mushroom talking or are there other
psychedelics that have had that effect
and secondly can you remember some
things that it's
said can I remember some things that
it's said favorites or something well
first of all yes this idea of an other
that you can relate to it's interesting
it's fascinating how if you really go to
bedrock with these things there's some
really interesting Christian theology
that relates to all this uh you know the
the existential theology of Aon of sain
kard kard said the defining relationship
in life is an ey thou relationship to
Christ and the ey thou relationship and
Martin Boer made a great deal of this as
well so it's it's a profound thing to
relate to another even if that other is
a an other human being it's still you
know an abyss of ambiguity I don't know
who you are where you came from what
your agenda is what your plans are for
me whether they're casual or intense and
so forth and so on so then meeting other
that is not a human being that is
somebody who sits up in your mind and
says hey big
boy what's
cooking um is uh
it it it opens up the possibility for a
relationship and it can be explored and
I always thought you know that you could
somehow trap it that it was sort of like
a game in a fairy tale that if you were
clever enough you couldn't ask a series
of questions where you would then have
trapped it into revealing aha so you are
my amydala
uh so forth and so on this kind of thing
I have never in the presence of the
thing been able to do that
uh as far as what it has said basically
it's told me everything I know as far as
boiling it down to the aphoristic level
um you've heard these all through the
years uh
uh well you know death by astonishment
all the best lines come uh from the
thing itself I mean my talent seems to
be that I'm able to
relax and allow this very ingratiating
logos to take over it's a kind of lowkey
demonic possession in from the point of
view of my
critics uh to speak about this other way
of of looking at things in terms of what
it has said to me
it's this Revelation about the nature of
