time and it's a puzzling Revelation
because uh it's
mathematical it's formal it will either
be proven spectacularly true or
spectacularly false there is no escaping
this incredible definitive test built
into it it's not something I would ever
have thought up uh and it's just
something I was given
and I was sort of at a dead end I mean I
was a good person to give it to I didn't
really have a job in life and I I it's
like a Talisman or a key I you know you
meet people who are into astrology and
for them it opens up all doorways
everything can be explained and I'm not
belittling it I'm making an example of
it uh the time wave is like that for me
and I would maintain for anybody who
sufficiently involves themselves in it
it's a Rosetta Stone into the structure
of reality that has an
uncanny um correctness about it and I'm
more aware than most of my critics of
where the weaknesses lie but
nevertheless I'm also more aware than my
most of my critics of where the
weaknesses lie in the competition as
well the whole thing is pretty Prov
Robert did you ever get to say what you
wanted there you are um when you were
talking about the Holy other right you
were talking about entities and messages
one of the things that happened to me in
my early experiences with ENT was that I
was totally in
awe I was
flabbergasted and until I stopped being
flabbergasted and paid attention I
didn't get that they were signaling me
to do
something oh yeah you know they wanted
me to participate in in what was
happening rather than just sit there and
go wow isn't this incredible no they say
to you or they say to me do not abandon
yourself to Amazement you know don't
give way to astonishment I mean try to
hold it together fella which is a
strange thing to be being told by an
alien entity inside a hallucinogenic
flash it's not encouraging you to let it
all go it's saying you know pay
attention and then in my case what
they're trying to do is they can
make things out of sound or their words
are three-dimensional modalities they're
operating in a linguistic domain where
words are sculptural entities made of
light and they're singing objects into
existence which are like puns or
mathematical form or small machines that
are cycling through various kinds of
changes and they're singing this stuff
into existance and insisting that you
attempt to do the same you know and you
know this is so startling because you
have to understand these trips only last
3 to five minutes so there's not a lot
of time to get used to this I mean there
you are sitting in a room with your
friends talking about Consciousness
exploration or whatever rhetoric you use
to get yourself to the edge of these
things you fire up the pipe you take one
enormous hit and the next thing you know
you know you're surrounded by screaming
elves by the hundreds that are speaking
in this alien language that is causing
objects to hang in the air and Ricochet
off the walls and these things come you
know it's a scene of wild confusion it's
like a Bugs Bunny cartoon running
backwards and these things come bounding
up and they say look at this and out of
the air out of their guts out of nowhere
they
pull objects which are the most
astonishing things you can imagine
literally the most astonishing things
you can imagine jeweled filigreed
machined turning things and you look at
it you say my God you know anybody in my
from my Planet looking at this would not
have to be told what this is this is an
alien artifact and you're looking at it
and they say forget that look at this
one and then here's another one and
they're tossing them up and meanwhile
the objects themselves are able to sing
