other objects into existence and there
is this
Aura the word Zan comes to mind it's
like a Max Senate comedy or a Marx
Brothers cartoon I mean uh it's it's a
land of explosions and falling anvils
and surprises are popping out of
everywhere and you're just trying to
hang on you say you know now we're at uh
you know we're a minute and a half into
it at this point and this intense effort
to communicate something and you know we
have talked in the past we can talk now
if you want about Celtic Fairyland and
tradition worldwide tradition of gnomes
and elves and but when you're there it
doesn't look like that it's much more
pointed ears shining eyes strange
machine it's much more off-planet I mean
we're not seeing leather jerkens and and
pointed toed Little Boots and uh the
plucking of fairy Harps it's not quite
like that no no no no
no yeah what about children
who seem to experience the phenomena
that you're talking about these people
who come into their bedrooms and in the
middle of the night and communicate with
them um children who
aren't well I think this is where the
abduction thing is coming from that that
I don't know what these entities are I
don't when you burst into the DMT place
there is an incredible sense of place
and yet the things that you're
witnessing matter is not capable of any
matter I mean aliens can be one thing
they can have tentacles they can do this
and that and the other thing but but
when there's no defined form then you
say you know you are like an idea I say
to the entity you are like an idea you
have no defined form you're continuously
amorphous and you know it then replies
yes I am who I am or something like that
it's the face of the Abyss I mean I've
had conversations with it where I've
after you know a more zany episode where
you then begin to feel a little
confidence with it and then you say well
show me what you are for yourself what
are you really I can tell that you're
coming to me through a series of filters
and presentations and masks what are you
really and it's like the temperature
fall 10Â° in the room and a black curtain
begins to rise and there's an organ note
like that thing in the B be minor mass
and after about 15 seconds you just say
you know call it
off I'm not ready for it let's go back
to the little fuzzy bunnies and the
Alien Invasion scenario but I'm I'm not
ready and then it like it's it's very
obliging says okay you know you asked
for it U but so there is the sense you
know of what is this I don't know I
think that the ma that this is the most
important fact about our situation on
this planet and it's discovered over and
over again over the past 100,000 years
that there's somebody else something
else somewhere else here and anybody who
says they understand it is bullshitting
the theosophist don't understand
understand it the Catholics the calist
nobody understands it but it is real and
I don't know what it means to find this
out uh you see the amazing thing about
psychedelics is it's not it doesn't
depend on a state of
grace it doesn't depend on allegiance to
a leader it doesn't even depend on a
special diet or theological predilection
the astonishing news about these
psychedelic experiences is you don't
have to go to India for 10 years you
don't have to be chosen by babaj G this
works for most people and would probably
work for you and if you think the world
has no surprises if you think that
you've got it all figured out and you
haven't ever had an intense boundary
dissolve in psychedelic then you're
absolutely out to lunch you don't know
what's going on it's like the opinions
of 11-year-old boys about sexuality you
know what do they know that they should
hold such opinions and uh you know
sexuality provides a good metaphor we
