cannot forestall our sexuality you know
eventually the Roar of hormones through
the bloodstream pushes most people over
the edge some sooner than others uh this
capacity for the psychodelic experience
which is built into our Soma our body as
well you can actually go from birth to
the
grave and never experience it if you are
sufficiently sold out to a sufficiently
idiotic
culture then it's possible to evade this
experience of maturation it's like
having a Mercedes and there's a certain
button on the dashboard and you never
pushed it you don't know you know what
it did uh because and yet it's as
profound as sexuality it's as profound
as the forming of relationships the
birthing of children uh birth death this
is the thing and
many many religions have come to the
conclusion that life somehow needs to be
a preparation
for a passing on to some other place and
the metaphor of light vehicle is used in
many different traditions and I think
that you there is some truth to the
notion that the reason we are alive is
to learn the path out of the labyrinth
and that Shamanism is a rehearsal for
death all this talk about hyperspace and
other dimensions and Eternity you know
what we're really talking about here is
the cultural and personal Enterprise of
leaving the body behind you start
talking about adoptions and children and
you never got back to that let me close
let me do that well it's simply that we
share this planet with some other kind
of entity and culture is a way of
sealing us off from this fact which
children are not fully acculturated
children are barbarians of some sort and
then as they become acculturated they
invisible companions fade away and they
become as dreary as uh as the rest of us
the abduction phenomenon I think is
simply an inability to tell the the
difference between uh dream and memory
dream is the fascinating Dimension and I
don't demean these experiences by
associating them with dream I think that
probably when we fully understand
DMT we will realize that uh every night
in deep Sleep most people go to the
Meltdown place and actually experience a
DMT trip but the essence of the core of
the DMT trip is you cannot remember
it a really good DMT trip has a part
always in the center where you do not
lose Consciousness you are conscious
while it's happening but you can never
ever talk about that part of the trip
because within 20 seconds of its ceasing
to be the present it's it's gone it lays
down no memory trace and that's the
moment where you really find out what's
going on they show you you know you get
the hyper Masonic initiation of the
local galarian Lodge at that point but
then you you come out of it and you have
no trace of it you have the sense of
having been in the presence of the ploma
but what that means you haven't the
faintest
notion yeah um I'm curious about common
elements from person to person that are
repeatable in some ways in a particular
trip for example you've talked a lot in
past lectures about your experience with
these self-replicating machine Els right
and um I've never met them myself under
DMT I go to a vast Crystal Cave but um
there's some experiences that repeat
with mushrooms for me like a crystal
ball coming down from the left and if I
can tune it in just right I pass pass
into another dimension I'm wondering if
you have uh um in speaking to lots of
people found common elements that are
that that show up in entities or
whatever well my uh yeah I my approach
to that was is sort of yan and I've
talked to a lot of people who've done
DMT and tried to build up a composite
image of what is happening and a great
deal it has a lot to do with what you
bring to it your past education and
experience obviously and it has a great
