deal to do with just your descriptive
powers and your ability to stay calm I
mean some people just go nuts and yell
for it to end and carry on uh from
talking to a lot of people the archetype
that rules DMT I would say is the
archetype of the
circus and uh think for a moment uh the
circus is about
a a a focus on a well-lit Central Area
filled with chaotic activity first of
all the clowns and the clowns are the
self- transforming machine nails they
arrive in their tiny car and 15 of them
get out and they have big noses and
rubber shoes and they dance around
clowns but in the DMT thing there is a
weird and very strong erotic
component and I believe from my own work
on myself that I became aware of iros I
wouldn't say had my first erection but
maybe the first one I was ever conscious
of or something like that in the
presence of an a lady acrobat at a
circus wearing a tiny Spangled costume
and hanging by her teeth way up in the
and I got it death and deos and this
incredible Dynamic so you have the
Clowns the the death and Heros thing at
the circus and then you have um this
kinky
undercurrent which is the
sideshows you know the rat-faced boy and
the thing in the bottle and the
two-headed lady and all that just just
off the main ring folks the hoochie
coochie dance and all that and then when
you think about the concept of the
circus generally you realize it's a
perfect metaphor for DMT because I grew
up in a small town in Colorado where
every 1 of July the carnival would come
to town and we were told we couldn't
stay out after 9:30 at night playing
when the carnival was in town because
these Carney people they were just a
different stripe you know uh some of
them probably drank heavy uh they were
racially questionable Origins and so
forth and they brought immense
excitement to this little town unpacked
their wonders built their Ferris wheels
and rides bued all the Rubes of their
cash and packed it all up and went away
and of course every kid worth his salt
wants to run off with the circus and you
know Ray Bradbury in his book The Circus
of Dr Lao used these motifs felini in
his films over and over again the circus
is a motif for the unconscious so over
time and I've had people say you know
very interesting things I saw a woman do
a sub threshold trip on DMT and
unprompted and never having heard this
rap when she came down she she said uh
it was the saddest Carnival I've ever
been to she said all the rides were
closed and there were just those little
Square ice cream papers blowing in the
wind and getting caught up and I was the
only person there well that's about as
down a DMT trip as you can have and
basically as you do more of it you just
dial it up until you know it becomes
Barnum and B wringling brothers and then
it goes on to become the Star Wars bar
and then it goes on to become something
from which English cannot even uh begin
to wrap itself around but I think that's
the archetype yeah how do you consider
the importance of venue or place when
you're ingesting psychedelics you pick
up the energy that has been left in that
place is that an important component I
think the main thing is to be in a
situation where you're not interrupted
and where you are
confident uh I don't I do not take
psychedelics outside very much because
I've noticed that the the synchronicity
thing is
uncontrollable I mean if you want to
have
Adventures you know take 200 micrograms
of LSD and step out into the say the
Lower East Side of
Manhattan and it's just terrifying so
and I learned that lesson very early so
I unplug the phone Bolt the doors tell
everybody I've left town and then do it
