sometimes I do it outside like in the
jungle and stuff like that but the main
thing is I have a real horror of
interruption I guess since you brought
this up I should say you know there is a
technique for doing these things
correctly I mean the way to do them is
on an empty stomach in silent Darkness
and then also do a good stiff hit don't
PID around with it it won't hurt you
yeah have you ever heard about mon
Institute in
Virginia the the out of body people yeah
out of yeah and
um they exploring these worlds so what
you're describing the
um you can read it in in the
descriptions of their Journeys
but for me I pre I prefer this way with
an intoxication I have I haven't any
control about it no you're absolutely
right but for example um is the same
like lucid dreaming from lucid dream you
can easily go on to AAL
Journey uh the way to to get into this
subject is to to need to control
yourself feelings thoughts to uh for
example to to be able to be playful in
your life you have to change totally for
to get for to get prosperity in this
area so um have you
ever seen their connections between your
work I yes I mean I read the Monroe
Institute books I I was not sure what
the connection was exactly because many
of the worlds that they describe are
very much like this world except just
slight details have been
changed what the psychedelics seem to
land you in much more radically
transformed
places uh this is a big controversy the
can you do it on the natch
controversy and my position is that I
wouldn't wish to simply because I like
to me the ultimate control is the
decision yes or no to take the
substance that you really have control I
mean everybody here has so much control
over the Psychedelic experience that you
could have one this evening if you
wanted for
sure so that's control but where there
isn't control is once you start down the
shoot then uh that you have and I
associate this control issue with the
boundary dissolution ution the boundary
dissolution is is alarming to the ego it
doesn't like that feeling and it tells
you that you're
dying and psychedelic voyagers have to
learn to just when that red switch goes
on you just reach out and turn it off
and say oh no no it's set wrong we're
not dying but uh it tells you that
you're dying because the ego very
strongly identifies with the equilibrium
of the physical body and as the physical
body begins to slide into the
intoxication the ego is saying what's
happening here uh wait a minute I'm
losing coherency this is not good uh you
made a mistake Joe
Joe uh we need help Joe it's coming upon
they say chill
chill it's going to be all right uh and
and
so the the you have to discipline
yourself that way uh the
dissolving of the ego that is the
dissolving of this maladaptive Behavior
pattern that has made our our sexual and
social politics so complicated in other
words the ego is not a good thing uh it
is a it is a
uh its existence in each one of us in so
expressed a form is a symptom of
neurosis cultural
Neurosis uh and and the Psychedelic
dissolves the ego but the ego protests
noisily while this is going on and and
then when and then people who are very
ego dependent if they have a psychedelic
experience they usually only have one
and then they say well that was like
going nuts I hated it I just hated it it
was awful because they are very strongly
identified with the ego another person
who isn't so strongly identified with
the ego could look at the identical
