experience and say it was a wonderful
Liberation it was just the quintessence
of freedom and light and openness so
when I say we are pathological and that
we need to take strong medicine to fix
our ourselves I don't mean the kind of
medicine where you can't feel it working
I mean the kind of medicine where you
can feel it working and uh the
suppression of
ego has
U
basically was permitted by monotheistic
religions and promoted by The Fanatic
alphabet and there were just a whole
bunch of cultural decisions that had the
unfortunate effect of reinforcing the
ego and this is why we have such a
problem now because intellectually we're
United if we're you know enlightened
liberals or whatever but we can't
feel the agony of each other if we could
feel what we were doing we wouldn't do
it you know and and yet because each one
of us identifies with our own body very
strongly and checks no further so the
attitude is basically well I'm all right
and if you're not too bad and uh uh it's
it's a very abstract case to move people
off of that and but in these early
nomadic societies which probably every
new and full moon were taking psilocybin
and everybody who was capable was having
sex in a heath with everybody else and
then the children were being reared in
this environment under the sky with no
material possessions uh uh was it was
what we were meant for it's what where
when we were happiest it's when our
poetry was at its peak and our dance was
at its peak and our drama and perhaps
our philosophy and certainly our
storytelling and all of the those things
were uh at Prime you know 14,000 years
ago and uh yeah um you mentioned the
great attractor um earlier in the
conversation and I i' I've been
observing that there's a lot of interest
in society again it seems in Popular
Science and so on in hyper
dimensionality the super string theories
uh you know MIT kaku's book on
hyperspace became a bestseller and what
these new theories seem to be predicting
is that this universe that we're
embedded and it's actually just a
cross-section in some sort of a
hyperdimensional uh structure that may
have originated with the big bang or
whatever and and there's this
proliferation of these hyp dimensional
theories and of course in quantum
mechanics there's this many world's
hypothesis that floating around so my
question is um is this a is this a
tractor that you're perceiving embedded
in this space or in a hyperdimensional
space in which case that particular
attractor might only be one
outcome
we're steering our way towards or away
from that attractor depending on what's
Happening from moment to moment well
I've always before I adopted the
vocabulary of uh chaos Dynamics which
uses this term attractor I always called
it the
concrescence following out of Alfred
North Whitehead's philosophy and and he
said you know a concrescence is a Nexus
of events or he also called it a Nexus
of actual
occasions and so I regard the temporal
surface as a kind of undulating topology
and you could think of the attractor as
the lowest point in the temporal
landscape so then if you think
of historical systems as marbles rolling
across that landscape where they all
going to end up they're all going to end
up in the low point because that's where
the attractor lies and they're all
concentrated in this uh what I'm
suggesting is that the SpaceTime
Continuum has an attractor for novelty
and that for a very long time the
universe of process has been circling
around the rim of this attractor and
then you know several hundred million
years ago it began to make it ever more
