rapid descent toward the dwell point and
now novelty is extraordinarily
concentrated and the the collapse of the
state Vector that moves us into
hyperspace is sort of this umbilical
point in the historical process see the
the most evident fact in nature that
science has overlooked totally
overlooked is that nature is speeding
up it always has been and yet you will
never hear this discussed the early life
of the universe there were no stars no
planets there were there weren't even
complex elements there was only helium
and hydrogen and you know talk about
dull it was dull and over time helium
and hydrogen aggregated together and
formed masses of such size that the
temperatures at the center of those
masses triggered fusion and then
outcooked
iron sulfur carbon and the process of
star formation began the point being uh
the further back in time you go the less
events there are and as I said last
night I think we are the inheritors of
this process if nature loves not novelty
then nature loves us above all else in
the cosmos because we there's more
novelty in our domain than anywhere else
and and our we work around the clock to
elaborate novelty Human Society is
almost a pure novelty
production process and what it what all
this novelty one way of thinking of
novelty and Whitehead
suggested this is density of
connectedness well then if you define
novelty as density of connectedness then
you can predict what the ultimate
novelty would be the ultimate novelty is
when every point is connected to every
other point that is a mathematical
definition of a super space where all
points are
coent you have a super space
so apparently culture not only culture
but
biology uh and perhaps even simpler
systems seem to be imbued with a
strategy the result of which is the
conquest of
dimensionality the earliest organic life
was fixed on Clays it was like lyan like
it was lyan like and fixed and then the
whole history of the evolution of animal
life is the history of the evolution of
better senses and better organs of
locomotion what are we talking about the
conquest of
dimensionality uh and in uh in the human
world this reaches a whole new level
because we are Advanced animals no doubt
about it our binocular vision our
grasping hands our running speed we're a
very advanced animal but we then add on
to that language and what is the purpose
of language I would submit to you that
in BIO in evolutionary terms the purpose
of language is to talk about the
past that the past ceases to be what it
was when you have language because you
can pull it back memory memory
does something to time it causes the
past to remain in the present as a
residuum and as your memory storage
technology advances from storytelling to
writing to Optical
diss the percentage of the past that
you're able to hold on to increases and
now with virtual reality and all that we
dream of holding on to as much of the
past as we want the con so culture has
become the servant of this conquest of
dimensionality and uh I think that
inevitably this leads to a
bifurcation because Dimensions occur in
uh quantized
form uh in other words there is a cusp
and then a phase transition and so what
has been going on on this planet for the
past 10,000 years is an edging toward
the cusp and the the the vector that is
being sought is greater novelty so the
system keeps automatically correcting
itself to seek ever greater novelty the
end result of this will be uh a kind of
instantaneous phase transition where
everything uh passes into another
modality and exactly how this will occur
