is not a problem at this point because
we're too far in the past ask me that
after 2005 and I should have an answer
for you but at this point in the
historical Continuum nobody knows is it
going to be nanotechnological are we
going to all become pissan size and go
live in stratocumulus Cloud somewhere
over South America are we going to you
know invent the banducci spin dizzy
engine and build ships the size of
Manitoba and set out for NGC 354 or
something like that that's a possibility
I mean technology has held surprises
before or you know are we going to do
something very unexpected and discover
that plants are doorways into Dimensions
as alien as other planets and as nearby
as the grass growing at your feet uh it
we don't know but our best people are
working on it and long before we get to
2012 it it will all be be made
clear did that answer the I sort of good
I'd hate to think that we uh
2012 what happens after 2012 well that's
a an interesting question I'm thinking
about it in a different way than I have
before in the past we spent a great deal
of time talking about what happens at
and after
2012 yet strangely my theory only
addresses what happens before
2012 uh after 2012 the time wave is
kaput and you're back to
existentialism again uh I think that
well it depends on how loaded I am what
I think will happen in
2012
um because I can imagine it all the way
from that the laws of physics fail that
the the entire
universe rolls up like a a window shade
that's unlikely or it appears unlikely
but on the other hand who's estimating
the odds and what do they know uh it
could be I've I've noticed that what the
time wave seems to track best is the
tool making
process and so one way I think about
concrescence and this Enterprise that
we're involved in is we are trying to
make a tool not just any tool we are
trying to make the tool now what is a
tool a tool is something that lets you
do something what therefore would be the
ultimate tool it would let you do
anything and as William burough says
any that's what it would let you do the
flying saucer comes into the discussion
at this point the flying saucer I
believe is an image of this tool that
haunts The Human Experience of
historical concrescence it haunts the
psyche of human beings and the Skies of
Earth because like the bar ball spinning
in the club it is a precursive
reflection of the tool at the End of
Time the people who got this right are
the Alchemists of the 15th and 16th
century who believed that out of matter
you could coax a universal substance
that would
be a perfect Panacea it would be all
things to all people people it would
cure all diseases confer immortality
change lead to Gold uh you know the
blind would see the halt would walk the
dead would rise and this ideal was
immediately in place before the birth of
modern science as the goal of uh the
exploration of matter and I think that
we are possibly looking at a technology
which the newspapers will call time
travel but which the people who create
it will explain well it's not that at
all you see it's actually a redactive
doubling of hyperspatial feedback in a
heteroclinic situation and but it comes
off as time travel uh because one way
that I can imagine linear history ending
is by it just simply ending you know
linear history depends
on the past staying what it is if you
have time travel it's possible to
imagine a cultural domain where the past
is constantly being changed in which
case you can't uh describe the EB and
flow of novelty with a simple cartisian
graph so it could be something like that
or it could be something somewhat on of
