a
metaphysical type I mean here's the
here's the Stephen King version of what
it could be imagine if on the day of
concrescence uh the Sun
exploded well now that would certainly
put rainforest activism in a
quandry
um the explosion of the sun would kill
all life instantly on the earth we don't
know what death
is uh you know our secular materialists
cheerfully assure us that it's a big
nothing but that's just their guess
nobody knows nobody knows but a mass
Dio like that would instantaneously
Propel the entire biota of the planet
into death whatever that is and that
might be part of the Dynamics of the
solar system I don't like that idea it's
rather morbid but there are some
problems with the Sun there are some
Curious disjunctures between measurement
of solar radiation and nuclear theory
that suggests that the sun may not be as
healthy as we would like it to be yeah
psychedelics catalyze the imagination
inform the population and allow people
to entertain larger perspectives than
the completely pissant perspectives
which they are being given by the
popular media I mean the popular media
exhibits no imagination at all that's
why we have no space program that's why
we have no Advanced research project
agency uh no commitment to explore the
solar system so forth and so on it turns
out that really was all being done to
beat the Russians all that fine talk
about space flight and the outward urge
that was just pentagon's hores shits so
they could dig into our genes and build
intercontinental ballistic missiles we
who believed that we were headed out
into the star Universe were as usual
shafted well that's a little Koda on
that I see it's uh time to uh uh knock
off for a while uh we have time for one
more question though is this working for
people I mean I wander one way and then
another there just to leave from what
you oh sorry no no you what you just
said about all this uh the Space Program
stuff why all the there seem to be this
incredible influx of sci-fi in the media
as far as like programming and um
television
films um what's your comment on that on
well I think that virtual that virtual
reality the entertainment industry I
mean if you look at the Fig
if we spent as much money trying to save
the planet as we are spending trying to
develop Advanced systems of Electronic
Entertainment hell we'd fix it overnight
that would just be a done deal I'm I'm
suspicious I'm a techno fan and I use
technology and I I'm into it but I I was
with Howard reinold one night actually
here at esselin when we achieved a kind
of apotheosis together and he said to me
he said my god I've just realized what
virtual reality is for and I said what's
it for Howard and he said it's to keep
us from ever leaving the planet and I I
see in the game design and in the
website design and in the look and feel
of the net how it's to be a
Similac of uh the great Frontier you
know it's going to all be virtual the
trip to Pluto and the conquest of Mars
and the journey out to
Andromeda uh I I think you that you know
I don't fault technology you just have
to be very aware but you know it's like
heroin and we must not consume we must
produce as a community the Psychedelic
Community must produce art not consume
it once if they get it flowing the other
way and we begin to consume it then we
are
depotentiated so what I've said you know
the the millennial program is to put the
art pedal to the floor uh you know in
virtual reality the difference between a
10 story building and a 100 story
building is one zero enter the zero and
it's now a 100 story building we can
build with light the constraints of
material and the constraints of capital
