investment that have limited Us in
three-dimensional space are not going to
be present in VR and I think we're going
to be able to build those Castles in the
Sky and that what I've said this many
times uh as I see the late 20th century
cultural Enterprise what we're trying to
do here is turn the human body inside
out we want to take the mind which is is
this invisible hyperspatial organ with
its teeming imagination and we want to
make it literal or virtual we want to
bring it into existence meanwhile the
body has become because there are so
many bodies a real drag on the political
system so the body wants to become
something freely commanded in the
imagination and it's literally like we
are turning ourselves inside out out uh
and this is an alchemical process so now
I've spoken of the alchemical process as
something happening to the body as a
cultural Enterprise building a tool as
an irresistible motion toward an
attractor which can be glimpsed through
the hyperdimensional vision conferred by
psychedelics and uh and then it merely
remains to unpack and download these
ideas into the popular and mass culture
because I think they assuage anxiety
people feel better about themselves and
the and the fate and direction of the
world but you know we have painted
ourselves into a hell of a situation
here the momentum of our past mistakes
is staggering the good news is we
primates love a good fight and we don't
really get our dander up until the last
possible moment this is it this is the
last possible
moment as old pilots like to say I think
we're turning final
here these weekends tear past with
amazing
rapidity uh and I I was lying in bed
last night thinking of everything that
was not said and it seemed like hardly
anything was said uh
uh I don't know what that means I in
myself personally I've noticed in the
last year or
so a sense that the vision or the
thinking about our
circumstance has become almost for me
like a full-time job I I really don't
want to go anywhere and I don't want to
do anything I just want to hold the
standing in my uh mind and I I don't
know exactly where this is leading it's
probably leading to writing um more
books and and doing less um
traveling in terms of launching various
memes I think they're pretty well
launched I
uh the idea that the Psychedelic
experience needs to be
uh given a place in the social
toolkit uh the idea that we need to
seriously revision our relationship to
Nature and the future I think all these
things have come a distance uh yeah I'm
real curious about one thing why is it
important for you to do
this I wonder myself um you mean am I
the uh Alien Ambassador whether I like
it or
not well I often when asked this
question I've said you know it beats
honest work I mean my brother is a PhD
in three subjects and uh Works in hard
science and
uh it I don't think it's brought him
immense happiness not that he's
despondent but uh I was always kind of a
slider uh you know and uh certainly when
I reached laera in
1971 I had a price on My Head by the FBI
I was running out of money I was at the
end of my rope and then uh they
recruited me and said you know with a
mouth like yours there's a place for you
in our
organization and um you know I've worked
in deep background positions about which
the best the less said the better and
then you know about 15 years ago they
shifted me into public relations and
I've been there uh to the present
uh I think ideas get me high uh and I
like the feeling of understanding and uh
