of a species the conquest of a biome by
a new set of genes these things timing
is
everything and dictates success or
failure did you want to say something
yeah that's a very interesting point
because the anthropic uh weak anthropic
cosmological principle is argues that
life evolved at about the right time if
if if things had started up a little bit
later a little bit sooner at least
around this sun it it wouldn't
necessarily have gotten a Kickstart the
conditions were no longer quite right um
the incubator was set to just the right
temperature when the gases were at just
the right concentrations and so on and
uh Steven ghoul has pointed out that um
you we couldn't even play the tape over
again again if if if you started off
with life at one of the early conditions
3 and2 billion years ago and then ran it
Forward again we wouldn't have ended up
with people and we wouldn't have ended
up with the kinds of species we have
there there are too many bifurcation
points that can take place along the
line so there's actually two points
there yes well this is essentially what
this is saying uh ordinary science says
that Evolution proceeds by the random
mixing of genes then subject to Natural
selection dictated by environmental
parameters and out of that you do get a
creative Advance or an advance into
morphological complexity but very slowly
and I think that what the time wave
shows is that the deck the cosmic deck
is stacked in favor of novelty so that
it isn't 5050 every time you throw the
dice that it's going to go toward
entropy or order uh actually uh order is
favored and so order emerges and is
conserved over time or novelty I prefer
the term novelty because to me chaos
doesn't signify disorder it I view it in
the new way
um well anyway maybe that's enough about
that I didn't intend such a long opening
statement it must be this coffee
you know what you were saying sounds
like I think it was um just recently a
couple months ago that Hubble constant
the Hubble telescope was thrown things
in question and uh you know I think have
you pursued that yes I follow all that
very carefully I touched on it in my
lecture by implication last night it was
in my mind when I said how so much of
science recently has been about
answering the question when when uh this
there is huge controversy raging at this
moment in astrophysics because uh well
here's the background in the 1920s Edwin
Hubble studied uh variable stars and in
an effort to establish what are called
absolute or reliable
candles for measuring Cosmic distance
knowing that if he could very accurately
calibrate the radiance of these of this
certain type of star that then he could
calculate how that Radiance would
diminish at distance and uh he there is
a number involved with Hubble's name
called the Hubble
constant and if you set it high the
universe is Young did I get it right and
if you set it low the universe is old
and Furious battles are now raging
because the there is data coming in both
from the Hubble telescope ironically
named after Edwin Hubble there is data
coming in there that is supporting the
idea I believe that using standard
mathematics the universe
is young in fact paradoxically younger
than some of the oldest stars in it
which doesn't make a whole hell of a lot
of sense uh
conversely from a different set of
instruments looking at a different part
of the of the radio or electromagnetic
Universe uh low Hubble constants values
are coming in implying that the universe
is 18 to 22 billion years old rather
than 6 to8 uh or or 8 to 10 and uh as
far as the time wave is
concerned um I was looking at this and I
realized I should issue a press release
and make a prediction and say that
