according to my calculations the age of
the universe is precisely X and then see
where these other people come down uh I
I I think the time wave favors the idea
that the universe is about 172 billion
years old and and that is in agreement
with the data that is not contain an
internal contradiction I find the idea
of a universe 8 billion years old almost
as unlikely as a universe
4,36 years old I feel real cramped in a
in a 10 billion year old universe that
is not enough well I was just thinking
that if the Hubble constant Had A
variation in time that would probably
describe it maybe your formulas might
point to how it might vary in time or we
have a locally uh varying Hubble
constant um well that yes you you you
rais a whole bunch of interesting issues
here look this look at how
presumptuous science is first of all all
of modern physics is based around the
concept of constants the Central and
some of these are non-dimensional
constants but some are not like the
speed of light well uh the speed of
light has been measured on this planet
since
1906 less than 100 uh uh just under a
100 Years of measurement in a in a
multibillion year old Universe carried
out on one planet and from this you make
the grand statement that the speed of
light in all times and all places will
obey this law of velocity give me a
break it's it's just a it's just a a
kind of a joke uh and yet to admit that
there is a problem here uh would
seriously undermine the premises of
science things are worse than that
throughout the 20th century of course
the speed of light has been measured
many many times now uh the same value is
rarely
obtained now the all of physics depends
upon this being a universal constant so
when you point out to them that the same
value is rarely obtained they they wave
their hands and say ah well this has to
do with the limit of the
instrumentality a term which will not be
further defined this has to do with the
limits of the
instrumentality and uh they're just
hitting around it right so at first you
the uneducated Layman you think well
that makes sense I suppose they're just
hitting around it but then you go back
and you look at these measurements of
the speed of light and you know what
they don't cluster around the point
since 19 6 successive measurements of
the speed of light seem to imply that
it's incrementally going slightly faster
the set of data points is drifting
slightly across the thing well now how
if it's at the limits of the
instrumentality can you possibly explain
that well this became such an issue in
the astrophysics community and check
this
out that what they did is in 1972
they
defined the speed of
light and they and they said this is the
speed of light and all future
calculations should use this number
regardless of what the instruments are
telling you a an an momentous turning
point in the evolution of scientific
thought at last nature itself is deemed
no longer necessary for the study of
nature and in fact it just gets in the
way uh anyway I can go on at Great
length about the foibles of science but
U it's just fun to rib them yeah we're
back to scholasticism I guess but um by
the same argument couldn't you say how
long is a year especially when you're
talking about births of universes um in
which Earth's revolving around Suns
haven't yet evolved to measure the year
that we're now measuring the whole
shmear well you mean why I'm not sure I
understand you do you mean why do we
place so much emphasis on the year count
in the theory well how can you in a way
because well it doesn't really it what
it depends on is a a 384 day cycle and
