which if you were to press me and I
guess you are uh as to why is it a 384
day
cycle well it's 13 lunations
yes but there's something mysterious
going on there and probably a good
Newtonian could explain it to us I you
know they do these studies these uh ge
chronological studies using coral
fossils and they believe that the year
length that the year is slowly
shrinking and that about about uh a
billion years ago the year length would
have been about 384
days and I suspect that the evolution of
DNA that there must have been that the
fact that the DNA runs on
64 and the iching runs on 64 and this
number 384 keeps coming up in
relationship to the lunation and the
possible solar year length I think that
essentially the DNA must have Frozen in
itself a kind of picture of the various
orbital and geomagnetic resonances that
existed in the solar system or in the
terrestrial environment at the time it
came into existence I mean that's just
my guess but it would
fit do you see what I mean and then the
fact that it's 13
lunations the the Moon is desun tily
desun that's why we always see one face
locked on the earth because it makes one
revolution in the time that it makes one
orbit and that's the consequence of that
and it it may be that uh
uh well I'm not sure what I'm trying to
say but that there was a coupling of
some sort between the sun earth Moon
system a billion years ago that made a
384 day year uh possible but my point is
before that when we're talking about the
dis the time between oh I see the big
bang in planets how long is a year oh
well my assumption is that the real
formative Cycles are quantum mechanical
in dimension in other words we talk
about a 384 day cycle then we talk about
a six day cycle then an hour and 35
minute cycle and then a minute and a
half or something but it's the Cycles
below say uh 10 to the
-12 seconds in other words the whole
universe I assume is some kind of
amplification of quantum mechanical
instability and you and I have talked
about how uh
biology seems to be a chemical strategy
for amplifying quantum mechanical
determinacy so that it leaves the
subatomic realm and can be present you
know in 145 lb block of
meat um I mean that is what it is the
the phenomenon of Free Will is a Quantum
mechanically Amplified determinacy in
this complex chemical system that we
call organic life so uh the year thing
isn't important what's important is
probably
something down in the realm of Plank's
constant some slip in the cosmic
Machinery at a very basic level that
that was then exploded and Amplified out
into the phenomenal Universe I mean the
real question is why there is anything
at all you know I mean why that this
state was preferred over a state of pure
nothingness which would appear to be the
bottom of the energy uh uh well yeah
you've done a lot of thinking about
morphological resonances of different
sorts and there's one that I've
encountered that I really can't shake
loose I wonder if you have a comment on
it I you know reading about the brain
the estimates of the total number of is
about 100 billion and as you read about
cosmology you UND you read that the
average spiral galaxies thought to have
100 billion suns in it and the total
number of galaxies in the universe is
estimated to be around 100 billion and I
recently encountered the estimate that
the total number of biomolecules in a
cell is about 100 billion and it seems
like this coincidence uh keeps coming up
and and maybe it's related to Paul
durk's idea of a large number well I
think it is true that emergent uh
properties come out of large
