aggregations uh the always the textbook
example is you know if you have two H2O
molecules that's water but you don't
have
wetness wetness doesn't emerge until you
have thousands of H2O molecules and so
the wetness of water is a property which
only emerges when you have millions of
these molecules together and uh it does
appear that complex neural Nets have to
be above 9 billion operating subunits
and so you know it may be that I mean
definitely we are pushing toward
criticality in many in any area of
measurement um for example you know if
you look at the curve of energy release
or the population curve or the curve of
information production or the curve of
uh advancing velocity you see that uh
many of these curves will become
asymptotic in in the near future
and that's what I mean when I say we're
headed into this domain of boundary
dissolution and Hyper Noel uh
inflationary Evolution you could almost
call
it yeah find
Astic isn't that well asymptotic is uh
when it it not it's not doubling every
time you measure it it's it's being
squared isn't that it each time so it's
it goes logarithmic asymptotic and then
there's another term for an even rapid
more
rapid expansion yeah when I read
futurist books on futurist you I've been
to several things like that they talk
very similar to what you're saying that
the radical changes that are coming but
they're looking at all the the
denominators of what they feel would
cause this and their sense of chaos is
what you're talking about in a different
way econom chaos Health chaos our our
Earth is headed for a tremendous up
people in the cities the the
concentration so many people get in
these megalithic centers of humanity and
are so disconnected with their who what
man is that they're they're saying the
same thing that you're saying in a
different way I mean they are
sign yes well you see they feel that
they own the plan
and so they're very alarmed I mean
wouldn't you be if it were your property
and say my God what is going on we have
to get hold of the neighborhood uh but
but my faith is that uh the the the
horse knows where it wants to go and
we're all being carried along for the
ride and you know Mitsubishi the
Catholic Church whoever wants to try and
control it is welcome to try but I it's
a perverse thing I mean we who think of
ourselves as little people imagine that
owning the Earth must be a great uh uh
pleasure but actually you know the
number of ulcer tablets being consumed
in the chancellor burses and embassies
of this planet seems to argue that
thinking you own the world is an
enormous headache and
aggravation
uh the chaos is roving through the
system and able to undo at any point the
best laid plans all kinds of things are
happening first of all there are all
these fields of research ranging from
cryogenics
nanotechnology psychedelic pharmacology
Disease Control machine human
interfacing you know you could just list
these things endlessly and at any moment
one of these fields could make a
breakthrough so fundamental that
everything would be changed and we have
you know 50 of these irons going in the
fire all the time at the same time
because the
planetary uh culture is becoming ever
more closely knitted together it's all
its parts are becoming
codependent so for instance um an
earthquake which destroys Central Tokyo
would ruin the economy of Belgium
because the retraction of Japanese
capital from World Markets would set up
reverberations that would be fed
everywhere the system is being slaved
