ever more en tightly to various portions
of itself CH crop failure in Russia
causes you know strikes in Argentina and
so forth and so on and this will
accelerate well then the task of
management somehow is to bring this
coalescing system through uh this
transition period without the whole
thing getting so much vibration built up
into it that it falls apart and so it's
very alarming to
see barbarism
uncontrolled in the world to see you
know people being pushed into box cars
on their way to extermination camps and
all this this means that all the that
the global Control Systems uh are are uh
in danger of breaking down and I I think
that the world corporate state is
running hard to keep up national
governments do not understand what is
going on National governments are
underpaid under and under talented World
corporate uh divisions of various sorts
do understand what is going on but they
are in the process of taking power from
the national States as rapidly as
possible in order to use that power to
to manage the planet in a somewhat less
ideologically hysterical fashion I mean
they want to make money you know but
that's a different thing thing than
wanting to convert everybody to Islam
Marxism or national socialism or
something like that I'm fascinated by
management because it's the large scale
understanding and integration of human
systems and that's the real challenge I
mean it's all very fine to take these
mathematical novel uh models and write
and describe the behavior of the
dripping faucet as was done very
creatively and but the purpose of all
this modeling is to eventually take
control of our own relationships to each
other and to the world and to the Future
and to you know to the Future
Generations somewh paradoxical though
because management would appear to be
key yet what we're talking about
managing can't be managed no but what
can be managed is our anxiety about it
in other words I think of it as though
what we're in is an aircraft a cultural
air foil moving through history and the
challenges change your uh sop with camel
into an
F18 in
flight because we're going faster and
faster and faster and Q forces vibration
are beginning to build up on all the air
foils and so what we have to do is trans
form the cultural engine or the forward
acceleration into the temporal medium
will burn the Wings off and rip the air
foil apart what you're talking about is
metamorphosis when you comment on
examples of metamorphosis in nature to
what's going on there well the perfect
example is of course insect
metamorphosis which if you read my book
of the um true hallucinations and I
think it's mentioned in the invisible
landscape there was a great deal of talk
about insect metamorphosis in at
laera I've always and I've never
received a satisfactory answer to the
question put to evolutionary biologists
how do you account for the metamorphosis
of insects where like in the case of
butterflies hundreds if not thousands of
genes have to be coordinated perfectly
to take a
caterpillar dissolve all its body tissue
and have it completely reconstruct
itself as another kind of organism I'm
trying to imagine an evolutionary
scenario of gradual
mutation that would give you that is I
can't do it it must have happened
largely instantaneously in a single uh
in a single massive rearrangement of
hundreds and hundreds of genes and we
don't see that much in animal life we
see large scale poloy in plants so maybe
this happened in or in animal tissue
only once or twice in the life of the
planet but it gave this insect
adaptation which is astonishing you know
and in a way what we're doing is
