repeating that
metamorphosis on a on a metaphorical as
well as physical plane I mean we are
rather like worms and we have built a su
society that is somewhat you know might
ungenerously be described as a caran
pile but uh there is apparently in us uh
the capacity to evolve to this other
form and there is as long as we're
roving through exotic biological
metaphors here there is a phenomenon in
biology called
neony neony is the preservation of
juvenile characteristics sticks into
adulthood and we as a as a primate
species exhibit Advanced forms of neony
this is why we are hairless to adulthood
um this is why our skull to body ratio
remains infantile compared to other
primates throughout life it's why we
require such a long period of physical
upbringing well there are certain
animals uh uh that will remain in the
juvenile stage their entire
lifetime unless certain environmental
parameters shift and what I mean by that
is say you have a kind of uh of uh uh uh
salamander well it exists as a kind of a
tadpole it's entire life and for
Generations it can do this living as a
tadpool but if uh the pool dries up the
organisms in the pool at that time
suddenly discover that they have the
capacity to develop lungs and crawl out
onto the land and they do even though
perhaps this hasn't been done uh in that
neighborhood for generations and I think
we are sort of in that position we have
a capacity inside ourselves that we have
not yet unfolded and we may not for a
while when things really get nutty part
of the getting nutty is that we will
discover present in our human population
all the time were mutants of certain
types that had
no evolutionary Advantage as long as
Bourgeois society and judeo Christian
ethics were in place but when that be
begins to shake and Shimmer then these
mutant types will uh emerge to the four
this is how Evolution works by the way
in animal populations the mutants are
always present but they have no
consequence unless the environmental
parameters shift and give them then a
special advantage and I think being able
to
see hypers spatially is the special ad
aptive advantage that psychedelic plants
confer upon the people who use them it
is literally you see the world with
different eyes and uh it's going to make
it possible for you to find your
way through uh the future in a way that
will be very difficult for people who
are looking at the situation Through The
Eyes of
materialism newtonianism positivism and
so forth yeah that's the question I
guess that keeps coming up to me was
what what what are we supposed to do
yeah I keep thinking that too well I
keep saying deemphasize anxiety reassure
people you meet people who say you know
I'm really scared I'm scared about my
job I'm scared about my relay I'm scared
scared scared answer is you know don't
worry you don't know enough to
worry that's God's truth who do you
think you are that you should worry for
crying out loud uh I mean it's a total
waste of time it presupposes such a
knowledge of the situation that it is in
fact a form of
hubris you know no what you do is just
pay your bills and you know pack heat if
you need to and don't worry that's
all yes some Joe told me don't worry
don't take it so seriously because none
of us are going to get out of
alive well no that's a more dismal
conclusion worry is praying to the devil
that's great worry is betting against
yourself you know we poyang the a great
Chinese doist who wrote many many
commentaries on the Ching he was asked
at the end of his life what was his
conclusion of a life of studying the E
ching and he said worry is
preposterous that was it if we are
