serious about who we are and not ashamed
of our dreams then we have to build on
the scale of solar systems I mean we
have the imaginative power to be a
galarian civilization it's just that we
have a pissant control of energy at the
moment but if if there there's somebody
out there who needs
Consulting you know somebody who does
have hyperlight drive and time travel
but just doesn't know what to do with it
ask us we are uh very creative uh and I
track this very closely in the
literature and up until about five years
ago time travel definitely if you were
writing about that you were a squirrel
nobody was talking about that and since
then uh Scientific American has devoted
an entire issue to it uh Nick Herbert
who I do not consider a squirrel wrote
an excellent book about it uh there have
been articles in physical review and
it's all it's gone from it's completely
impossible don't even think of it to
well certain thought experiments Can Be
Imagined which do seem to imply well
that's how relativity got started you
know talking about trains passing each
other at the speed of light and what
would happen in it it's so hard to make
people understand because we're in this
new age environment of fishy thinking
but the entities inside the
DMT trance are real
entities I mean there is real as you and
I are you would have trouble proving
your own ontological validity uh if
pressed by a skilled philosopher so
they're as real as we are well this then
has to be taken seriously questions like
where are they who are they what do they
know uh because they're intelligent and
we're intelligent and we've been yapping
about space people and all this Malarkey
you know they are here if flying saucers
landed on the south lawn of the White
House tomorrow it wouldn't be as weird
as what happens to you when you smoke
DMT it would just be a news story
something for NASA to take over Chomsky
would explain it to us the linguistic
side I mean but you personally can meet
the alien anytime you want and the
culture can meet the alien anytime they
want
well are these things here for no reason
are we just sort of there they're on
their trip and we're on our trip or have
they come for us is there a message is
there a
purpose uh and and why does this seem so
drenched in in in super Technologies and
intimations of time travel I mean uh are
these things dead souls are they a
future state of humanity that's come
back a 100 million years to the dawn
ages of of intelligence to observe uh
you know the discovery of starflight or
what is happening it it needs to be
looked at and you know I got I went into
this very deeply with Shamanism but
Shamanism is a set of culturally
sanctioned explanations for people who
didn't know how to ask the kinds of
questions we ask and so you can only go
so far with that and eventually you
realize you know Yung won't help you or
Merc lead or no you have to make sense
of this on uh on your own terms it's
very
unexpected that this would happen uh I
can't I always assumed I would be a
aeronautical engineer or some something
like that I I never thought and I never
thought that the culture would turn
90Â° and discover in you know the the the
biology of the planet an alien
intelligence I mean that's what the 20th
century will probably be remembered for
and very few of us can even articulate
it to ourselves you know in the way that
the the 15th century discovered the new
world the 20th century discovered the
parallel Continuum it begins with Freud
and noticing something about the fantasy
of these vienes Housewives and you know
then Yung splicing in the myths and then
the surrealists and ilad and then the
drug people come along and Huxley and so
for until finally people say as that
