wonderful line in Rosemary's Baby my God
this is really
happening you know yes what did you
think over here I have a question um
lecture from what I understand and I'm
not a mathematician but they're using
formulas based on double pyramids in
tetrahed yeah well I think you know that
these kinds of occult calculations this
is a legitimate way to proceed this is
how Kepler modeled the solar system you
know is by putting the
Greek uh perfect mathematical forms
inside each other uh but I am really
aware from having worked 20 years on the
time wave how woly it gets out there in
the
numbers as when you're looking for
correlations you know and
uh there are a whole bunch of these
things there are the people in New
Zealand with the world grid system
there's uh the whole Jose
Ares
cosmology uh there's uh ensky was an
early one uh in search of the miraculous
Yates book of vision is a complex
mathematical thing explaining the cosmos
and
uh there seems to be something in us
that we are
systematizes we produce systems and
these are Integrated Systems of means
and the only thing you can do is lay
them before your fellow monkeys and see
what goes on uh and I usually am a
reluctant participant I'm not much fun
when it comes to weird ideas cuz I just
pour cold water on them uh for instance
right now my mail is running pretty
heavily toward people who want to inform
me about and convert me to uh The Works
of Zachariah siten who and this is a do
you know who I'm talking about well this
is a complex cosmology it involves five
or six books it involves a Lost Planet
which comes into the inner solar system
every 35,000 years or so which was
responsible for Jesus and for and it's a
whole thing and people who I up to that
point had considered sane uh found it
very interesting
and I was just it was you
know so uh I think the only thing you
can I and I am in this same position I
mean someone could certainly react
phobic to my thing so I think what you
have to say about these ideas is they
just have to be uh dropped out of the
nest and and you see what can fly and
what can't
um however then here's a piece of advice
which you may not need or want to hear
but this has worked for me and it's not
an orthodox piece of advice but if you
hear a
claim that fascinates you or interests
you uh like claim well just as an
example the face on Mars or the time
wave or Zachariah sitchin's
thing yes you should read the person's
book and you should think about it on
that level but what you should also do
is try to find out as much about this
person as possible it's very hard for
people to hide their pasts and if it
turns out that your particular
Revelator uh did some time in Tennessee
for auto theft or uh was last seen
fleeing Germany with a valise of cash
then you you know and this is was very
very effective for me with the crop
circles an investigation of the
histories of the major personalities was
a a journey into well I don't can't even
find words to describe it but that's the
thing to look at look at the people look
at their lives their credit histories
their bank accounts and then judge their
cosmogonic
Visions some people would probably say
that's unfair but in a sense it goes
back to what I said a couple days ago
about
Aesthetics you know the the revelation
of the mystery one thing is for sure it
will not be tacky it won't be tasteless
you know it won't be wearing sequins for
God's sake uh it it it it it won't pass
out 10% discount
