coupons sorry will it charge at all will
it charge it
all I was at I taught where I pulled out
is I was at one of these Expos you know
that are around and and I toured the
thing and if you ever go to one of those
things they are horrendous I mean mulite
suppositories and and just the damnest
stuff and and I was making my way
through the booze the various therapies
channelings and Revelations
and this young woman in a short skirt
rushed out and took me by the elbow and
she said excuse me sir could I interest
you in elective cosmetic surgery and I
said no and she said well how about the
drawing for the Camaro I said no
no but that's all right the marketplace
has always been a noisy
Place yeah uh this is just uh sort of to
illustrate an example of this time stuff
we're talking about two years ago I was
driving a city bus and when you drive a
city bus you have a computer print out
that tells you exactly what minute to
beware now there's not many jobs like
that so you always have to be aware of
time I had driven this route for 3
months and I left the Terminus at the
same time I'd always left this is a
trolley bus it a speed governor on it
and goes on wires you can't go more than
60
clicks it always takes within 30 seconds
to get to the next timing point one day
I was meditating at work my mother told
me not to do
this and I left on time and I got to the
timing point 6 minutes early and I
picked up 10
people now I don't know how that
happened or what happened but it's
seemed to me it was a slip in time the
next day I'm sitting in the cafeteria I
have to go up to this bus inspect it and
leave at a certain time I'm eating a
sandwich I think oh I've got 15 minutes
and I look at the clock it's 5 minutes
after I'm supposed to
leave so I freak out run out get on the
bus leave 10 minutes later than I ever
have and get to where I'm going 10
minutes earlier than I
ever now at the same time I thought this
is peculiar so I started asking
everybody I knew and I found more people
who had a routine such that they knew
what time things happened wow one guy
always took an hour and 20 minutes to
get to work for example he left one
morning and he got there 45 minutes
early and I just offer this as an
example of the fact that this idea of
physics being constant has to do whether
you believe it or not and pay attention
to it and if you change your own
relationship to time and space well I I
I took a whole bus load of people with
me call
Hollywood that's an example that
something is slipping no there as
people's minds open up I think there are
roving discontinuities called Cosmic
Giggles that are definitely there yeah
same thing happened to me twice I gained
uh once 20 minutes that I couldn't have
possibly gained and another time an hour
and 15
minutes to go that's very interesting uh
too bad this is a population with such a
high incidence of drug
[Laughter]
abuse Terence is there a parallel to the
the concept of the Easter concept of the
big
mind uh and the network system seems to
me
well yeah one of the things I think
that's happening something going on
there that may be relative to all this
the the engineering mentality the male
engineering mentality always is trying
to duplicate in technology what already
exists in nature so you know back 15,000
years ago when the partnership Society
was in place and everybody was rigged
out with silicide
they were participating in what I call
the guyan mind the the the flow of
energy and information between the popul
