the human population and the rest of the
animal and plant and and natural world
well then we fell away from that into
the existential condition of history but
it's always stuck with us and our desire
you know to string wires to talk to each
other over distances and send pictures
and be integrated in our faith that data
is somehow important is all part of this
effort to mirror in our technology the
guyan mind it's sort of like you know
they say men always seek in their mates
the image of their mother well this was
sort of happening for us on a cultural
scale in our technology we're always
trying to create uh a path back into
nature and many people think of the
internet or think of computers as
masculine and so forth they are not at
all it's an incredible
feminizing influence mlan understood
this very well he believed that the
worldwide rise of electrical networks
could be correlated to The Descent of
the Holy Ghost he thought we were living
in the age of the holy spirit that
electricity is the holy Holy Spirit and
H that's abstract when you're talking
about telegraphs and that sort of thing
but when you're talking about the
internet you realize you know we really
are mental
creatures and uh and so we are
apparently creating a shamanic Dimension
that is culturally sanctioned because we
don't we say we don't have to take a
drug because we're so phobic of drugs
but the smart people know the
pharmacologists and the electronic the
nanotechnological
engineers know that the difference
between a drug and a computer is that
you can swallow one and you can't
swallow the other one and that's the
only difference and they're working to
correct that
problem the drugs of the future will be
computers the computers of the future
will be drugs you know there'll be
patches that you paste on your forehead
or the back of your thumb nail uh so
really and the other thing is that keeps
us calm is that we can see the
electronic infrastructure we can see the
phone lines we can see the boxes and the
keyboards but that's all about to
disappear the very a very active
Frontier now is uh uh mind machine
interfacing where you know basically by
wrinkling your brow and squinting and
squirming you run your
software and uh the boxes can disappear
and will disappear and I we've talked in
these gatherings many times about an a
Very obvious future coalesence of
technology where what you have when
you're 8 years old or something is you
have a very small
operation which puts something like a
contact lens not on your eye but on the
inside of your eyelid it's like a black
contact lens so that when you close your
eyes there are menus hanging in space
that's your
interface that's your Doorway to the
internet and you then then you just take
off uh from your jump site out into
cyberspace this is not Out Of Reach
believe me if it mattered as much is
blowing up little brown people somewhere
we would have it in our hands today it's
just a matter of committing capital
investment and resources to the keyboard
uh the keyboard is is uh run by looking
at the screen and the thing is tracking
your eye movements there is no keyboard
huh it's like bi feedback yeah it's a
bio biof feedback control of machines
but not little PCS but World span in
data networks that are in three
dimensions and with graphically rendered
uh environments that are extremely high
density data that cannot in fact be told
from reality except that it's been put
through such an outlandish design
process that you could never mistake it
for reality uh unless you were raised in
International Airport arrival
concourses the advertising world has
equipment place that they can monitor
