where you look at certain product on a
screen certainly you could that would be
easy to do oh yeah this is this is all
coming and so then the question is as
the internet Fades away in terms of
boxes and flickering screens and becomes
more and more uh uh de uh transparent
implants in your body then your
identification will be total with this
global environment en and you will think
of yourself as a person with two
minds the individual mind and the
collective mind previously called the
unconscious yeah and previously
unaccessible except through
Psychotherapy dreams or drug use but
suddenly put online as a 24-hour a day
utility for those who need to uh use
it bizarre yes but what
isn't you know I just wanted to mention
that if anyone wants to get further into
these ideas there's William Gibson's
novels are a good place to begin a
Neuromancer for
example yeah and I noticed there's a new
virtual reality novel out called Rim
that I haven't read but it's published
by my publisher Harper so I'll plug it
anyway uh but yeah and so what I see
really is that there was a
bifurcation almost a gender-based
bifurcation uh and this male dominant
thing which is all about controlling
matter and energy and and mathematically
formal descriptions of Nature and so
forth what it's going to do is it's
going to deliver us back to the high
Paleolithic but it will be uh a totally
established and hardwired technology and
so then you see history will be revealed
to have been uh
of all things a vioni
recirculation a return back to our
Origins that's why I say Western man the
parable for Western Civilization is the
parable of the prodigal son that's who
we are we left the family fold the
flocks and the fial obligations and we
descended into
matter and made a long long journey of
understanding which is is meaningless
unless we return to our Origins and then
you know it can be used to uh to enrich
and and broaden The Human Experience
something so extraordinary is happening
on this planet I mean you know for
hundreds of millions of years biology
flowed across the surface and species
Advanced and retreated and sensory
organs were defined and redefined and so
forth and so on but uh about 35 50,000
years ago
language broke loose and language is the
sheer will of information itself to
transform itself I mean we are uh our
medium is
meat but we are made of
information you know and that
information could be fed into a computer
cized into a virus uh what we are is a
long message that is being typed out in
proteins by thousands of ribosomes
coordinated over time we are sort of
like a phonograph record and when you're
young you know certain enzyme systems
certain genes are turned on and then you
pass into midlife other genes are turned
on certain genes are turned off it's
like a melody theme and variation being
brought back the theme being enriched
and worked and then finally the whole
thing builds to a crescendo and then one
by one the jeans are turned off and the
audience tugs on its overcoats and cabs
are hailed and people go home for the
evening but that that's what you are
you're a story a piece of code being run
in the great computer of uh of the world
and like the self transforming machine
Nails in the DMT trance who can make
things with language so too we can make
things with language we can coax ideas
into matter and make engines and dynamos
and transmitters and oscillators and all
these things yeah what you would
like you haven't mentioned is all about
relighting all this in terms of of uh
health of of Medicine
I mean because there's so much of that
going on now with chelf's work and and
