so much and I don't know if that's you
considered that guii no no I'm that's
different you know what I'm saying
there's so much now going into into the
holistic or not just I'm not talking
about systems I'm talking about the the
cell like chalkra talks about the the
cell and and its uh ability to uh hear I
mean I mean well I think there's a
general spreading awareness of awareness
in biology and the old ideas of a system
of integrated organs has given way to
you know a holistic model and
uh so much can just be done with
information in terms of like if you eat
right if you behave right if you monitor
yourself if you exercise uh we can know
a great deal more about our
elves than we ever could uh before uh
the
whole um thrust of novelty is toward a
kind of platonic Perfection and it means
Perfection of the body as uh as well uh
how this will look I'm not sure uh maybe
the body can become
superconducting uh that's a claim I
would have to see before I believed I'm
sure we'll have people coming down the
pike who claim they're superconducting
essentially breatharians claim that but
then they were cornered down at Basin
robins and well that that's also how
long that the human body can live I mean
they're they're talking about the in
Cher's view that their ages Limitless
there should be no real de well I think
the I think that that's quite Within
Reach but I'm puzzled by the ethics of
it I mean I I think that if you don't
die you miss the
point
so oh we can live for a long time well
that that's tongue and cheek when you
hear him talk he says that well but
there certainly are immortalists running
around people who have wild hopes to me
that's an incredibly
egomaniacal wish because death is
Nature's way of getting rid of uh worn
out I mean you know part of what's wrong
with our society is that people aren't
retiring and moving on they can we can
we're becoming a society ruled by
octogenarians and older because medicine
has made that possible uh and it's
paradoxical that in an age when there is
so much impetus for change uh
people hang on so long uh they hang
longer and longer and longer so yeah
which frustrates more and more
Generations building up behind I mean
it's called The Charles Windsor problem
uh some of the immortalists that I've
talked to plan on ascending the body in
2012 or thereabouts as opposed to dying
yes one thing that's going to happen
that my theory predicts but that doesn't
make my job any easier is that as we get
closer and closer to
2012 uh hysteria will build and claims
will multiply and it's just going to
become a circus I I've already in my
life realized that apparently I've
become involved with or set in motion
something that will probably Outlast me
and I'm looking for High Ground uh I I
am very happy to be a to a cultural
commentator from the side of my volcano
in Hawaii but uh I don't want to move
among the seething masses preaching the
approaching apocalypse and you know
anointing Bishops and that sort of thing
I think that's absolutely nuts for me I
want to treat it as a kind of event in
the world of
physics sort of to say well the Earth is
on a collision course not with an
asteroid not with a black hole but with
a very large question mark and this will
impact uh in December 2012 but I we are
just I can tell that probably my ideas
and these kinds of ideas are in fact
going to get more than a fair hearing
they're probably going to become the
kernels of obsession for for many
lightly delicately balanced people and
uh that's why I stress you know the
scientific approach evidence what can
you show me everybody stay calm no wild
uh claims and then if it turns out to be
