all
Malarkey nevertheless we will have
navigated one of the most narrow necks
in the history of Consciousness and
perhaps these faiths are like crutches
once you are able to get hobble forward
without their use you can fling them
away and think no more about it but you
know even the most rational Among Us can
hardly fail to notice that we are we
have backed ourselves into one hell of a
position and how are we going to get
through this and maintain our human
dignity I mean are we going to allow
millions billions of people to slip into
starvation and disease are we going to
practice triage on entire sectors of the
planet and withdraw resources so that
the the uh White industrial democracies
can ride through the waves of chaos I
mean uh it's very important that we not
only preserve the human genome it's
important that we PR preserve human
values through all of this and I think
realizing that we are caught in a
process of metamorphosis and
transformation not of our
responsibility is the basis for uh uh
the attitudes of confidence and uh and
anticipation that that will be necessary
and that will allow us to be exemplars
for the society and then then at the
core of all of this is of course the
evidence which lies to my mind in the
Psychedelic experience I mean you know
people can say we're bananas or
misguided or whatever but if they
haven't been there it's hard to
understand the basis of their criticism
because to explore our mystery you don't
have to sweep up around the ashram for
12 years or kiss the feet eat of some
Beed weasel in a doy none of that our
thing is
successible you know you make the
decision you take it you shut your mouth
and it happens and and anybody who
criticizes that without having the
experience is in a
curiously uh unbalanced position I think
this is a Dependable mystery this is
what I sought my entire life I mean this
was not in the church this was not in
India uh this was not to be found uh
until I was willing to submit myself to
the experience of eating something which
grows in
dong and then it it it was there that's
the humbling that has to take place and
the huge emphasis in the new age on
doing it on the
gatch you know is a a form of spiritual
materialism I mean what is the Cent yeah
naturally say how I I don't need to take
drugs IA well this is a form of
spiritual materialism because what is
the central faith of the new age there
is no inside and no outside well until
you mention drugs and then suddenly this
distinction has the dove coat all in a
flutter this state's not possible to
reach through a meditation process
reading I don't think so if I were able
to reach it by any other means than
pharmacology I would check myself in
somewhere we do you do not want these
states to be we're not talking about I
don't think people understand how
entirely radical the Psychedelic flash
is it is not something you want
spontaneously hanging around as a
consequence of your good works and Clean
Diet I don't think so what about the you
know problem you always come we always
come down you know we get high we have
that great experience and then we come
back to reality well sex is like that
youth is like that going to Venice is
like that the law of unfolding seems to
be you know good times bad times EB and
flow nothing lasts I mean if you want to
piece of psychedelic truth that is
somewhat sobering I mean I this is what
I have taken away and I guess I should
leave you with this thought I think you
apply it in your life and I also think
that you look back on it and you
understand you know PR said nothing is
understood until it is remembered and
that's certainly true of of psychedelic
