experiences but nothing
lasts you know not your friends not your
enemies uh nothing lasts and we deny
this and yet that's the great
psychedelic truth and if you can face it
in every moment and live it you will
have a very very complete experience of
existence you will ride the da toward
the concrescence and be able to live in
it in the light of its
anticipation and this I believe makes
for a healthy life full of lots of
laughs what was touched on last night
and which is sort of one of the
centerpiece themes of this point of view
is
uh the felt presence of uh some kind of
alien
intelligence that
is somehow
coent to The Human Experience for
different people in different ways with
varying degrees of intensity in
different times and
places and
though you know at the Bedrock of my
take on things is the notion that there
is really finally a mystery wrapped in
an enigma but there is no resolution
nevertheless as you close distance with
this mystery there are um a series of
analogical
metaphors that don't really suggest
themselves but that are communicated to
you uh by the other and one of these
analogical metaphors is the presence of
this alien
intellect this uh organized other that
is
folkloric present in
Tradition as Fair gnomes elves jins afit
Sprites tree Spirits uh that sort of
thing and
anecdotally present in uh rural cultures
throughout the world as the the
Poltergeist and the milk souring fairy
and it the things seems to reside in a
curious area that is not epistemically
clearly defined for the culture in other
words the question of is it real or not
is thought to be sort of tasteless I
mean you you would intuitively sense if
you were drinking in an Irish Pub I
think and people began to spin
leprechaun stories but the question is
it real is a real
bringdown you know it it is isn't really
like that because the question is it
real is ultimately can be shown to be
infantile in any situation I mean is the
Bank of America
real uh what are you know immediately
you realize that there are just
assumptions skating over the
mystery but uh this this felt presence
of the other uh I choose to talk about
so much because it was for me such an
astonishing personal
surprise
my I was raised Roman Catholic and uh
indulged in the kind of theological
fiddle fadle that that involves and then
grew out of that into atheism into
agnosticism and by the time I got to
college I was reading Jean Paul SRA and
H and uh these people and pretty much
the main had followed uh my intellectual
ontoy had followed historical philogyny
and I had arrived in the 20th
century uh and then uh having AB thought
I had absorbed the lessons of
LSD which seemed to me to be uh to
reinforce and confirm the theories of
Freud concerning the D dyamics of the
psyche that it was about repressed
memory repressed desire uh sexual
Neurosis parental uh you know foul-ups
in the projection of the parental energy
patterns and this kind of thing and then
someone came to me one rainy February
evening in
1967 and uh a really a mad person a kind
of a social Menace an intellectual
criminal this guy had said to me only
months before we must live as if the
apocalypse has already
happened and and here he was on my
doorstep and and and he he wore these
little black suits that he buttoned up
to the throat anyway uh he came in and
