metaphysics everything had become made
out of a a a fourth-dimensional
tesseract tural Mosaic of
energy so I I was uh just quite knocked
off my feet seat and set myself the goal
of understanding this there was really
no choice you see and I don't know how
it hits other people I mean there is
there are many things that can be said
about introducing a chemical into your
body uh they've
shown uh that certain people are 50,000
times more sensitive to the odor of
certain compounds than other people and
part of the unique genetic Heritage of
each of us are our complement of
synaptic receptors for psychoactive
alkaloids so that you know there may be
something to the notion that the Kelts
tend to be poets the you know certain
people certain peoples tend to be
expressive in certain artistic modes or
or certain senses seem to be accentuated
for certain human subgroups but uh
whatever the explanation for how it hit
me I felt that it was like a call there
was no turning back from trying to
understand that because there is no
place for it in our world and yet it is
overwhelmingly
existentially
real you see and easily accessed I'm not
pedling that you have to go to some
place in India with poor sanitation and
put yourself at somebody's feet for a
dozen years or something like that the
the
enunciation of the presence of this
Dimension should Inspire some kind of
coming to terms with it I mean it's
Preposterous that we can entertain in
our popular
journalism the uh the titilation of the
search for extraterrestrial
intelligence and prop up all these
reductionist guys and trot them out to
give the statistics on the distribution
of gtype stars and all this sort of
thing because the fact is what blinds us
to the presence of alien intelligence is
uh linguistic and cultural bias
operating on ourselves the world which
we
perceive is a tiny fraction of the world
which we can perceive which is a tiny
fraction of the perceivable
world you see so uh we operate on a very
narrow slice based on cultural
conventions so the important thing if if
synergizing progress is the notion to be
maximized and I think it's the mo the
notion to be maximized is to try and
locate the blind spot in the culture the
place where uh the culture isn't looking
because it dare not because if it were
to look there its previous values would
dissolve you
see and I think that that place is the
Psychedelic experience as it emerges out
of
nature in in and as human societies
interact with the Psychedelic experience
in nature they inevit they they
inevitably secrete the institution of
shamanism like a pearl around the this
umbilicus or this Nexus point or this
loai of
interdimensional uh data flow which is
really what it is it's that when that
under certain conditions which have to
do with these molecules that have
evolved in these species which have this
weirdly quasi symbiotic relationship to
our species you punch through the veil
you know Melville said if you would
strike strike through the mask and
that's what's done you strike through
the mask of a of the coordin of apparent
reality and
then this thing is there which to me is
a miracle it transcended any miracle I
could ever ask for because it not only
had the quality of a miracle as I
imagined it it had the quality of a
miracle as I could not have imagined it
it was entirely
charged with uh with with the energy of
the
other it it had the ambiguity of a pun a
kind of Vy
