impossible
improbable
hysterical uh
revelation of the joke the the uh
self-contradiction the provisional
nature of it all but it really is a Marx
Brothers movie
in some
sense so I uh pursued it first to
uh
Nepal and involvement with pre-buddhist
Shamanism in Tibet because I I first the
thing that puzzled me most I guess
because I was an art historian was this
absence of the theme in the artistic
Productions of
humankind and I felt that maybe there
was a trace of it in the artistic
conceptions of the old Pantheon of
Tibetan Shamanism and that Central Asian
Tibetan Shamanism had actually created
astronauts of Inner Space that had
gotten good Recon on this same
area uh you know the Dharma paas the
guardians of uh of the Dharma are not
Buddhist deities per se they are
autous Tibetan folk
demons that protect the Dharma by virtue
of the fact of having been overcome in
magical Battles by great Buddhist Saints
who came to Tibet in fact there are or
were before the Chinese uh uh occupation
monasteries in Tibet where the vow of
fty to the Dharma on the part of the
dharmapala had to be renewed by the
monks every 24 hours or the uh thing
would run a muck and be on its own and
bust up the countryside I'm just telling
you what they told
me so it seemed to me that this raw
sense of the shamanic accessed demonic
realm uh was there and I also saw a
traces in helenistic
gnosticism and Alchemy but such thin
traces
so I went to Nepal immersed myself in
that and decided
ultimately that
uh it was
inaccessible I wasn't sure whether it
was there or
not and then I placed myself in the con
context of nature by moving my sphere of
operations to Eastern Indonesia to the
climaxed Continental rainforests of the
ancient continent of
Sunderland you see Indonesia was a
continent until as recently as 120,000
years ago and then with the melting of
the glaciers and the subsidence of this
continent it became a vast group of
islands and I think that that it was my
good fortune or the fortune of my fate
because it was prudent for me at that
time in the late 60s to remain outside
the United States and so I sort of had
to become the hero I had pretended to my
friends that I was which I wasn't I had
an around the world air ticket and was
entirely a preppy pasour but suddenly
suddenly return was not a possibility
and so I became and my apologies to
Buddhists in the audience a professional
butterfly collector and I pursued this
Blood Sport for many months in these
remote Montaine jungles of Eastern
Indonesia and that
was where the The Missing Link in the
Quest for the resolution of the meaning
of DMT and spirit fell into into place
because I saw what most of us only see
on National Geographic specials which is
the real fact of the rainforest the real
fact of organic nature and how nature is
communication uh not only are the
species that comprise the biota linked
by pheromones and acoustical signals and
colors signals and all of these uh
various methods by which communication
is seeping around in fact nature
ultimately resolves itself into a
self-reflecting syntactical
metasystem and you can pursue this right
down to the
DNA DNA working as it does with
nucleotide sequences that code code
right that means arbitrarily assigned
code for certain amino acids it means
that organic objects are essentially
utterances in three-dimensional space of
