some kind of universally distributed
linguistic intent this is what it means
when it says in the beginning was the
word nature is that word this infinitely
self
adumbrating
fractal syntactical hallucination that
has an infinite number of facets for
potential uh regarding and
self-regarding and then you know might
invoke here girdle's incompleteness
theorem which as I'm sure many of you
know was uh Kurt girdle's brilliant
contribution to theoretical mathematics
where he showed that the possible set of
of true formal statements generated by
any formal system was exceeded or
exceeded the possible set of true formal
statements which the rules of that
system allowed he showed this for simple
arithmetic showed that and what this
means friends is that what was called
Truth up until the beginning of the 20th
century is absolutely
impossible that's what girdle's
incompleteness theorem secures it shows
that there is no there is no ultimate
closure in an effort to
describe and so in a way my take on
nature and culture and man is
that human
language is a
metalinguistic
system generated out of the necessary
formal incompleteness of
nature you see it's that nature is a
self-describing genetic language and yet
out of it arises something which is not
formally uh predicted by its uh
constraints and rules there's a symmetry
break there and a a so-called emergent
proc property comes into view and this
emergent property is our unique ability
to
provisionally
provisionally uh code sound to meaning
so that we then can freely command and
reconstruct the world we imagine that we
do this for our own purposes of
communication the analysis that I'm
suggesting
would would seem to indicate that
actually we do it because we are F
complicated enzyme systems that are
moving linguistic charge around inside
some kind of meta system very important
for the emergence of new order out of
nature you
see and I talked about this a little
last
night
the fact that it is
uh
contrived provisional is very
interesting it doesn't arise out of the
gene
structure rather it is agreed upon by
individuals who are living at the time
that the the linguistic structure
whatever it is emerges into
Consciousness well since individuals are
replaced the thing is much more in flux
than the
genome you see the genetic component of
an organism is a physical
structure stabilized by atomic bonds
possibly stabilized by a phenomenon like
room temperature super
conductivity in the the way nature works
is to conserve the
genes and so molecular Machinery has
been created to do that but there is no
mechanism in nature uh with the same
kind of binding force that conserves
meaning
meaning is some kind of freely
commandable
open-ended self-evolving
system the rules are that there are no
rules consequently addresses itself to a
much larger potential modality of
expression than the genes the genes
basically repeat themselves over and
over almost like homeric poetry where
the idea is that it be memorized and
repeated and that's what sexuality is
about is memorizing and repeating Gene
structures handing on parts of the story
but the epigenetic uh the the creation
of linguistic systems where meaning can
