be freely commanded allows very rapid
evolution of cultural norms and uh what
I suggested last night and want to say
more about toight night is that this
process is mediated by plants it is
synergized in human beings by plants of
All Sorts I mean we are obsessed with
drugs and
shortterm uh spectacular effects but
think about the effect on a culture of
the presence or absence of say sugar or
the presence or absence of
coffee what human culture can
essentially be seen to be is a series of
plant
established developmental Crees for a
higher mammal the fact that we are
omnivorous lays Us open for the
formation of these weird relationships
to things in our food chain everybody is
taught in school that the Renaissance
the close of the Middle Ages the rise of
urban culture all had to do with the
search for
spices right bringing spices back to
Europe why was it so important you know
that a a drive to Simply broaden the
pallet of Europe is given uh credit for
uh the redefining of post-medieval
civilization very strange
Hoffman and Ruck and wson showed that
the ucini
Mysteries which were the philosophical
and experiential Lynch pin of the
ancient world's cosmology the helenistic
cosmology was a cult of erotized
beer there every September at ausus this
mystery was carried out and everyone who
was anyone participated in it and and
you only got to do it once in your life
so you had only one
take the point is clear as you look at
human culture in all times and places
the way in which our cultural
institutions have been molded by uh
these so-called tertiary compounds in
plants is very suggestive it seems to me
that uh the felt presence of the other
the alien in intelligence the being from
outer space is actually co-present with
us on this Earth and that the problem is
not the finding of it but the
recognizing of it when it is seen in the
same way that I think the in the present
cultural crisis everyone is crying
answers answers we have to have answers
the fact is we have the answers the
question is to face the answers you know
the answer to self-empowerment lies in
the Psychedelic experience the answer to
dissolving the hierarchically imposed
set of uh mythical
conventions that disempower us lies in
the Psychedelic experience because what
is really happening is a return to the
prime
of feeling and feeling is not something
you can convey to people the way you
convey facts to them facts can be handed
down every week Through Time Magazine
and the latest issue of science news and
nature but feelings will not lend
themselves to that
marketable hierarchically
distributed uh system and consequently
feelings represent a backwash against
that yet feeling is the modality in
which we all operate so as long as we
are uh Under the Umbrella of the print
created linear postm medieval
institutions that promote the myth of
the public the notion of the atomic
individual the notion that we are all
alike basically then we are going to be
un
empowered the uh amazing thing to me
about the Psychedelic experience is that
it can be kept Under
Wraps that people don't insist that
somehow we're leaving it to experts to
figure it out but did you know that the
experts are uh not allowed to work it
out that in this particular area the
entire human race has been relegated to
an infantile
status uh it is not professionally
possible to do work with these things
nevertheless our cultural crisis is
deepening deepening mainly because we
have very
