poor uh
connections between our fragmented and
autonomous psychic structures within
ourselves as individuals
and within ourselves as a society our
whole problem is that we can't
communicate with each other we can't
express
intention and the psychedelics are
sitting there waiting to unify us to
introduce us to the translinguistic
intention to carry us forward into uh a
realm of appropriate cultural activity
which is to my mind the realm Beyond
history Beyond history lies effortless
and appropriate cultural
activity and nature has preceded us as
it always does by laying out models that
can be followed to realize this uh as an
example uh and and By Request I'll point
out that
uh the 19th century had a titular animal
its titular animal was uh the horse
idealized as the steam engine the Iron
Horse and Marx talked about the
locomotive of history and there was and
there was this whole focusing on the
horse archetype which in the 20th
century gave way to the the titulary
animal the Raptor the bird of prey as
exemplified by high performance fighter
aircraft as the kind of ultimate Union
of man and machine in some kind of
glorification of the completion of a
certain set of cultural ideals you see
well in thinking about this and in
thinking about how language is the
cultural Frontier of our species I went
to Nature looking for models of how we
might move beyond the bird of prey which
when you think about it it is the
American symbol it was also the symbol
of the Third Reich and a lot of creepy
scenes have actually been into Birds of
Prey when Aller the visit not even Birds
of Prey when all aleric the visigoth
burned elus it was uh the the crow
fluted on his battle standard as the
greasy smoke swept by so uh the these
dark birds have been with us anyway in
looking for a new titulary animal and
drawing the conclusion of what it would
mean I was drawn to uh look strangely
enough at
filopods
octopi because I felt that first of all
they are extremely alien the break
between our line of development in the
philogenetic tree and and the
molasa which is what ayop pod is is
about 700 million years
ago nevertheless and many of you are
students of evolution know that when
they talk about parallel Evolution they
always drag out the example of the
optical system of the octopi because
isn't this astonishing it's very much
like the human eye and yet it developed
entirely independently and this shows
how the same set of external factors
impinging on a raw gene pool will
inevitably sculpt the same organ to the
same end and so forth and so on well the
optical capacity of of octopi is one
thing what interested me was
uh their
linguistic
organization they are virtually entirely
nervous system first of all they have
eight arms in the case of the oct of the
octopods and and 10 arms in the case of
the squid the
decapods and uh so coordinating all
these uh organs of manipulation has
given them a very evolved nervous system
then they have this highly evolved
ocular system but what is really
interesting about them is that they
communicate with each other by changing
the color and texture of their skin and
their physical
shape you may have known that octopi
could change colors but you may have
thought it was camouflage or something
very passive like that it isn't that at
all they have a vast repertoire of
traveling bars dots blushes merging
pastels Herring bone patterns tweet s
modled this and that can blush from
apricot through PW into Dove gray and on
