of uh a new political order based on
love which is you know I mean a hard it
was a hard thing to say in the Panhandle
in 1965 it's not easy to say in heavy
metal La in
1987 uh but it seems to be the fact of
the matter that love which poets have
celebrated for eons as
ineffable May in fact have certain
ineffable Dimensions attached to it but
it may in fact be more effable than we
had previously cared to
imagine and it's the invoking of the
affability of love has to do with
discovering the shared birth right the a
temporal
Dimension that is
co-present with this reality and that is
a vast
reservoir of
uh anchoring existential anchoring for
each and all of us in our lives so my
response to feeling the political pull
of this feeling the power to transform
language that resided in these things
was to go to the people who I thought
would know most about it the shamans for
whom hallucinogenic Shamanism has never
been an issue for whom the notion that
you're supposed to do it on the gch is a
patent absurdity I mean if you're
serious about doing it on the natch I
suggest you eliminate all
food because this notion of the pristi
self somehow riding above the muck of
the world carrying on a spiritual
evolution is absolute foolishness I mean
we are made of the stuff of the world uh
people who do not confront the presence
of the hallucinogenic possibility are
turning their back on their
Birthright in the same way that if you
do not experience sex throughout your
life you are turning your back on your
Birthright I mean after all we could
argue that to allow another person to
touch you is to not do it on the NCH
right but dear friends we're slicing too
close to the Bone here to take that
approach it's much better I think to
open to the world the world is
communication nature is uh the great
teacher all human gurus are simply uh
distillations of the wave of nature that
is coming at you so you can just Short
Circuit the whole human boil down and go
straight to the Executive Suite by
putting yourself under a tree in the
wilderness I mean they all have said
this but they need to be taken more
seriously on the subject of their own
expendability me
too going to the Amazon with these kinds
of Notions and looking at what had been
achieved there I I came to have a vision
then of the future that could be
that we are sort of hurling ourselves
into a new stone age where the the
fruits of the prodigal wandering that I
discussed in such detail last night can
be used to infuse new meaning into that
paradise the the imagination of man and
woman is so incomparably rich and so and
exerts such an attraction on us as the
Builder monkey that we have to honor
that we cannot demonize that and and uh
and preach a kind of naturalism that if
actually put in place would cause the
starvation of tens of millions of people
we have passed the point where some kind
of Lite reform can save us it's only I
think very self-indulgent Elites that
can preach voluntary Simplicity because
a lot of people are experiencing
involuntary
Simplicity and uh unless you're one of
them it rings rather Hollow to to be
told that Zen values are uh our best so
I think that rein inserting ourselves
into
nature is uh inspiration for cultural
design that's what it is it's not flight
from the design process but a
reinvigoration of it and uh some of you
may be aware of the concept of nano
technology where everything is built at
the molecular level we by studying the
mechanisms of the cell and the immune
system and DNA we begin to have a
picture of how molecules and atoms are
