the machine parts of a microcosmic world
that if we were elf chemists we could
make our way into and create anything
that we could imagine I mean I can
foresee a world where all machines will
be made like by DNA like polymers that
will code base materials into larger and
larger
Aggregates
uh the
miniaturization of our world is a great
Frontier as culture becomes more
enveloping its physical
manifestation should become less uh
material you see so the ultimate
notion is of the world turned back to
the form it held let's say 35,000 years
ago where people live in an environment
of entirely climaxed natural
Perfection however behind their
eyelids
lies a culturally and consensually
validated data phase space that is
culture civilization turn each of us
into to a telepathic aquarium to that
has a direct pipeline to the General
Ocean of mind and being that this is
possible in fact it's not only possible
it may be the only uh decent solution to
download ourselves into another
dimension and I want to note in passing
the collapse of Max Headroom and what a
tragedy I think that is that his last
show was last night this was a weird
Force for cultural transformation but to
be applauded uh if anybody here tonight
has anything to do with it I wish them
luck but this sort of notion you know
people the max hedro people and the
William Gibson people have a very high
tech take on this because they're
interested in accentuating this tight
blue jeans cyberpunk kind of notion but
in fact the worlds that they describe
will have many many different social
subgroups and social ecosystems forming
in them what the future really means is
choice to become who we are to flower
out to find Our Own Way mlan saw this 20
years ago he said that the the rise of
global electronic feudalism would create
an atomistic fragmentation of culture it
may well be that within 50 years the
largest uh organizational entity on the
planet will be corporations with a few
million loyal employees and all larger
social institutions will have
disappeared because they don't command
loyalty in a uh in a uh social
environment where direct experience has
become empowered and this empowering of
direct experience this return to the
feminine this uh legitimizing of the
presence of the vaster regions of the
unconscious these are all aspects of
this emerging Paradigm of the spirit
understanding and Imagination in the
light of nature nature which is what
this two night party has been called is
a definition of the
spirit understanding and Imagination in
the light of nature in other
words true
understanding poetic
imagination standing be as a mirror
before nature as object will cause the
hologrammatic presence
of the spirit to magically appear it
will be then seen to be a kind of
emergent quality of the situation that
was previously masked simply because the
elements had not fallen into the correct
uh
Arrangement and I think you know as we
move forward through time over the next
25 years there will be many prophets of
the transcendental object at the End of
Time many takes the important thing I
think is to recall girdle's
incompleteness theorem and to always
recognize the provisional nature of the
metaphysical Goods that you're going to
be sold
nobody has the faintest notion of what's
going on it's important to keep that in
mind if you have that in mind everything
else then the G game proceeds much more
cleanly uh what is ahead of us is true
high adventure the essence of it is its
unknowability its promise is
