transformation its theater of occurrence
is the here and now we are not waiting
for it to begin it has already happened
for us and our job is to understand how
that can be
so Plato said time is the moving image
of Eternity my notion of shamanism is it
is that state of mind which acrs to
those who have seen the End by
cultivating this n this notion of
closure with Hyper space imaged as the
archaic return to the world of the
precultural
Ambiance we can have an anticipation of
the transcendental object it is still in
Eden it is we who have undergone the
fall and the
recurso and now the laden
Prodigal Returns to beat at the doors of
the manorial home the birthright and
within I think I uh the beginnings of
true
civilization we are the
forerunners of a truly moral and ethical
Human Society the deepest aspirations
however badly mangled and mishandled by
our Traditions nevertheless still have
the potential
for archetypal fruition within them the
torch that has been passed from
generation to
generation at infinitum back into the
distant past is
alive and by some strange Quirk of the
metaphysical Machinery it's our great
privilege to live through this Cemetery
break this revelation of the next level
of the open-ended mystery and I think
that the real thrill lies in relating to
it with an open mind a sense of caring a
sense of wonder and uh a sense of real
grounded intellectually firm uh
hope so that's all I want to say this
evening um I think we'll break for about
15 minutes and then we'll have questions
thank you very
much
 
okay well now comes my favorite part of
these things which is uh the the period
where there's interaction because I
think you know there really this is
really a group process every one of you
to some degree has taken upon yourself
the role of the mellin in the living
room and uh uh probably
everyone in this room has at some time
or another gazed upon things no other
human eye has ever
beheld and uh you know the Psychedelic
Dimension is not yet a science we're
more like explorers comparing our uh
crudely drawn maps and hastily scrolled
journ notes to try and together get a
picture of this new continent in the
imagination so I'm Yours sir um you have
said in your book about the that the
mushroom was genetical engineered for
producing Salos cin by a alien
intelligence what do you think now about
the possibility of us making that again
within those genes produced
cying in other kind of organisms like
Fung plants I don't know about animals
oh well interesting question I think
it's entire the question was I've
described the mushroom as genetically
engineered by some other Agency for the
production of psilocybin what do I think
about the possibility of human beings
being able to genetically manipulate
organisms to produce psychedelic
compounds
I think that the technology and theory
has reached the stage where uh if
there's an enterprising graduate student
within the sound of my voice uh the way
to go is to locate the gene for cocin in
the mushroom genome and to translate it
via standard techniques to eoli to
eishia coli and then you would have a a
easily grown bacterium which would be a
chemical Factory for pouring out

psilocybin
so if if any of you are aspiring genetic
pharmacologists this this would be a
fine thing I might elaborate on the
answer some of you who are not familiar
with the
