premise the reason I suggested that the
mushroom might have been engineered and
be in fact an artifact of an alien
intelligence was number one of course
the informational content of the trip
but number two the fact that psilocybin
is for phosphor oxy and and dimethyl
tryptamine the only four phosphorilated
indol known to occur in nature you know
out of thousands and thousands of
compounds and organisms only one for
phosphorilated uh comp compound is known
so uh this suggests that it is
artificial or at least highly unusual
you know they're all every week the
science magazines are full of talk of
strategies for locating and
identifying uh
extraterrestrial life well a very
obvious practical and
scientifically uh reasonable way to
proceed would be to look at the DNA of
various life forms on Earth and see if
there are any where there is a wild
statistical uh departure from the norm
and whenever you get an organism which
is producing or has genes that no other
organism has this is highly suggestive
you know because evolutionary types uh
evolve incrementally out of each other
so you would expect that there would be
a relative smoothness in the expression
of genetic products that one fungus
would be rather like its taxonomic near
relatives one uh
uh menos sperm or member of the Ruby AC
would be chemically similar to another
in fact of course we do find subtle
chemical variations but the presence of
a for phosphorilated Indo
in a fungus like that is very
suggestive and uh one of the there's an
interesting book by uh sir Punam purama
called ex uh perspectives on the problem
of extraterrestrial
communication and he outlines there what
he believes would be a general strategy
for extraterrestrial contact that any
kind of species would have to uh uh
operate against if it were to seriously
conduct a search through space and the
model has uh a ship which at a certain
distance from its origin Planet it must
replicate
itself and then at a certain distance
replicate again and then again in order
to keep the density of ships constant as
the sphere of the a area being explored
expands there have to be more and more
of these ships and these ships could be
as small as a human as a a animal cell
they don't have to be thought of as Star
Trek type ships but the point is the
this ship uh contains the a message that
you have to read and call
in because there are so many planets and
stars systems to be surveyed that the
only uh the only way such a survey could
be conducted is if there were a message
in the in the ship qua organism such
that in the uh Gene swarm of an alien
planet it would eventually be read by an
organism on this planet and that
organism would act to do the things
necessary to call the central
switchboard and then they would say aha
we have contact in sector Alpha subn 362
and they would concentrate all their
attention there biological world that we
assume to be natural May in fact be the
artifacts of a much higher
intelligence here yes would you speak on
the timeline a little oh what a what a
kind
questioner to lead me to my favorite
subject
well it has to do with why you know
people do this for different reasons why
people take psychedelic plants and and
what lies behind it always and what
always lay behind it for me from that
very first DMT trip that I described to
you at the beginning was the notion my
God this stuff has
historical sign significance it's really
important or nobody knows about this
carrying with it the notion we are
discovering it if we could bring it back
somehow it would change the World
perhaps people are bringing it back by
