designing buildings and uh creating
Fashions or uh fashioning mathematical
descriptions of
reality I never had that aspir
I just simply Define myself as more
humbly than that as a consumer of
ideology as an intellectual who would
learn what has been said and done and
proposed but after the DMT experience I
realized that there is unclaimed
stuff out in those
Dimensions you know James Joyce says
inan wake up nent process Spector you
sprout all your worth and woof your
wings well the key word is
prospector a prospector is a rock Hunter
I wanted to prospect for the alchemical
stone for the lapus
philosophorum and I conceived it as an
idea and the timeline I mean I think it
would come differently for each of us
for me it was this incredibly
formal athet aesthetically symmetrical
and therefore satisfying idea about what
time is that the da is something which
could be mathematically
described as a flux of a quality in time
a quality that I named novelty and once
I had enunciated it for myself I saw saw
that that was the part of the world that
we have no description for we have
science gives us descriptions for what
is
possible but we have no descriptions for
what out of the set of the possible
under goes the actual formality of
occurring why are certain things
selected to come to be and I saw then
the notion of The
Da which is is generally presented as a
kind of intuitive notion you're not
supposed to demand too much hard edged
Clarity you say just flow with it man
you know flow with it well when someone
says flow to me I think of equations
which would describe flow flow as a
dynamical system which therefore can be
mathematically modeled and what the
timeline is is a
seeing that the very largest patterns
which uh describe the whole birth
Evolution and death of the universe are
repeated at
successively shorter and shorter spans
of time and down into the quantum
mechanically and and micro
electronically cognizable Realms of time
the realm of the Nano and the Picos
seconds and stud studing the Ching which
I saw then as a kind of
phenomenological description of time
produced by uh the Oriental mind
completely unincumbered by our
particular set of cultural conventions I
mean certainly having its own set of
peculiar conventions but not ours that
there there is an a pattern in
nature not
in three-dimensional space but in time a
pattern in time on many levels that
reproduces itself and can be known can
be formally described and once known can
be seen to control the EB and flow of
connectedness or the the forward and
backward surge of novelty and I thought
thought that this was a great uh Insight
since it was the only one I had I could
hardly uh sell it
short and uh and what pleased me most
about it was you know a wrap is a wrap
it's as good as the rapper but uh here
was a mathematically formal idea that
could stand on its own be examined in
the absence of the rapper be examined by
critics who were as hostile as they
cared to be it's a tool it's a in a long
line of tools that stretches back toward
the first chipped flint and stretches
forward toward the soul made manifest as
Starship and uh alchemical uh alchemical
transformation but it was the tool that
I Came Upon and it's they all you know
what is always put against the
psychedelic experiences they say well
big deal what's ever come out of it you
know so I was pleased that here was a
conrete notion that came out of it
Richard uh yes uh along the line of this
time wave can you give us a reading of
uh of our current time and the not too
