distant future I would be only too happy
to the question is uh would I care to
prophesy based on this
timeline yes one of the theor one of the
assumptions built into the theory is
that time is a series of nested
resonances and that each time is
composed of resonance with previous and
future times on varying levels the time
we are living through I call the Roman
Twilight simply because uh we are living
through a period that is in resonance
with the time of the last Roman emperors
and I think if you look at it carefully
you can begin to see the way this Theory
uh proposes to be
analogical and yet formal at the same
time what was happening in the decades
immediately preceding the fall of Rome a
progressively weak beon series of
self-indulgent propagandists ruled the
greatest Empire on Earth uh with a more
and more shaky hand as they succumb to
garia mercuric poisoning various occult
Pursuits millenarian obsessions and so
forth uh meanwhile in the
east in in Byzantium a new civilization
was unleashing itself and if you think
of those events which unfolded over a
few hundred years as telescoped into a
few years in our own era you see that
with the rise of gorbachov and the
continued mismanagement of the American
Empire under the crypto fascist uh
series of rotating bimbos and
buffoons that uh
that we have suffered through that what
is happening is an Empire is being
betrayed into Eclipse by self-indulgence
and stupidity and bad management and its
cultural adversary is in
ascendancy now B Byzantium never
conquered Rome it doesn't happen like
that but what ended was the Roman world
of uh in indulgent cohesive imperialism
and what it was replaced with was uh a
rise in religious
fundamentalism a a uh stricter and more
uh Puritan kind of
morality uh the rise of epidemic
diseases and a vast economic
retrenchment which initiated what we
call the Dark Ages now in the present
situation of the 20th century these
themes are being recapitulated at an
extremely rapid rate so their Dark Age
is for us a tough three or four years
fortunately you know it said history
occurs first as tragedy then as farce We
Are The Heirs of the vast tragedy of
extended history who live through the
curiously medialized and dehumanized
farce of the
recapitulation of these themes so that
uh you know because the very notion that
the last 10 Roman emperors could be
symbolized by someone like the present
chief executive cannot fail to bring a
small smile to any open mind I
think uh so what I see happening between
uh or over the next 24 years really is
uh first this retrenchment which hell it
may be upon Bon us judging by the
Market's performance Thursday and Friday
I may not be doing prophecy at all this
may be recap at this point uh but
whether that is a uh technical move or
the actual beginning of the unraveling
of the overbought uh
Western capitalistic system I can't say
but I will say that by
1989 by mid 1989 by the time the next
Presidential uh ritual has been enacted
it will be clear I think that we have
entered into a whole new kind of
temporal domain a kind of temporal
domain that will appear superficially to
be fairly Bleak because what it will be
it will be highly chaotic highly novel
and tending to oscillate wildly around a
mean so in other words there will be no
clear Trend visible there will be appear
to be S Progressive surges and then
losing of ground and then Progressive
surges and losing of ground and this
will go on through till the
mid90s around 1996
97 uh the resonance pattern will have
shifted and we will be occupying a
relationship to the high late high
