Middle Ages and the emergence of the new
social forms created by the emergence of
the Mercantile class and the Bourgeois
in other words private wealth
cities uh uh end of cultural
insularity a restarting of the economic
machinery and a kind of new flowering
but under the still under the shadow of
these fundamentalist forces that will
have come into ascendency in the
previous Dark Age then in
1998 we come into that area which is in
resonance with the period of the
discovery of the new world 1492 in other
words and and the exploration of the new
world and its subjugation over about 150
years which followed from that will be
what will be going on as we close out
the Millennium what the discovery of the
new world will mean in terms of our
reenactment of these great themes is
anybody's guess it could be the
Vindication of my style of rap a nearby
inhabited Dimension filled with alien
intelligence or it may be the
Vindication of a more uh Orthodox sort
of expectation of extraterrestrial
contact or perhaps the ultimately the
launching of large telescopes into orbit
which will confirm for us the existence
of oxygen rich water heavy worlds around
nearby Stars I mean e that alone would
make an intellectual Revolution that
would leave our world unre recognizable
to itself we have to recall that as
recently as 500 years ago the continent
that we're inhabiting was unknown it was
something talked of by Wildey dreamers
you know it was an impossibility a
psychedelic Dimension everyone knew that
when you sailed West far enough there'd
be monsters and that was the end of it
it was literally the unconscious now you
know we deal in the real estate of that
unconscious and there is no reason why
our children should not deal in the real
estate of the Psychedelic uh of of the
Psychedelic Dimension that we are
discovering and confirming over the next
10 years or so let me carry this through
to the end because the good part comes
at the
end after the turn of the century the
acceleration of the unfolding of these
resonances becomes more and more intense
and eventually we reach the super
compression of modern times this is why
I proposed to you last night the term
compression for this school of thought
that myself and sheld Drake and Frank
bar and Ralph Abraham represent because
we all are talking about the dense
nesting of concrescent systems and
ultimately in my own point of view the
emergence of a transcendental object at
the end of time and the end of time is
not far off as Joyce says in the Wake it
may not be as far off as you wish to be
congealed it is uh I think within the
life times of all of us there will be an
ontological transformation of the human
mode so I think the transcendental
object is emerging once it has
emerged uh there will be
no big deal about it in the same way
that we look back at the emergence of
language and nobody jumps around or gets
excited about it or only a few
philosophers do and yet the fact that we
possess language is the thumb print of
God upon our species it's an impossible
break with previous animal organization
you can talk all you want about Coco the
talking gorilla and this and that I mean
but then you turn to a poem by Andrew
Marvel and you realize you know there is
an anthological break here there is not
an even progress uh so uh as we
anticipate this thing it could be
anything it could be the visible
language that I indicated as a
possibility earlier this evening it
could be emergence in an
extraterrestrial mind
it could be the transcendental emergence
of all and everything the Dow made flesh
the actual collapse of the state Vector
into some kind of mysterious completion
but it's much more rational to place
this kind of
