Singularity at the end of a complex
evolutionary process like the life of
the universe than at the beginning which
is the scientific approach to just say
well everything sprang from nothing for
no reason in a single instant and please
don't ask questions about that because
our map begins 11 trillionth of a Pico
second
after that happened we don't talk about
that well isn't this somewhat begging
the question for an intellectual
Enterprise that purports to offer an
explanation of how things came to be so
the transcendental object which suggests
to me a negative kazua
a purpose in the universe that is
focusing and drawing everything toward
it and in fact I've said history is the
shock wave of
eschatology history which lasts 10,000
years is this
microsc of ultra complex experience
where the penetration of the natural
world by the uh transcendental object
each exists cotemporaneous
with the other for a historical or
geological
microsc and then the two terms are
merged and all opposites are dissolved
and uh somehow the the the gift is
claimed the Pearl is restored and the
project is ended we are living through
that moment a 10,000-year rush from
chipping of stone Flint to walking
through the Violet doorway of a
self-generated Hy dimensional vehicle
that carries us to our true home no
wonder it leaves an explosive set of
edes in its wake I said last night this
is what happens when a culture prepares
to depart for the Stars we this is not
business as usual this is something else
entirely and it's uh the intellectual
adventure and challenge of our time for
each of the us to understand this in
terms relevant to ourselves and the
people immediately around us and uh and
so this is the inspiration for time wave
zero this is what it Maps this is the
odd thing in the map that when the time
map came through it wasn't only a map of
historical process but there was the
transcendental object mapped into it and
all of its
was about this is what Buddha was about
this is what your most enlightened
moment was about you each of you and me
it is you know the uh
hyperdimensional particulate reflection
of godhead scattered back through the
flatter plane of this lower dimensional
slice of experience I mean it's hard to
say it any clearer than that
here something's happening something is
happening the way I got into all of this
and it seems to me it's worth talking
about because it's
psychedelic um the word has in a sense
been too
narrow it's a it's a kind of secret
Faith uh having to do with perception of
the world world I think I mean I I feel
that I was psychedelic long before I
knew anything about psychedelics because
what I was interested in as a child was
um nature and
complexity but not simply nature and
complexity but a certain uh visual
suggestiveness of mystery so I was like
a Beetle collector and the butterfly
collector and it was this pursuit of
iridescence was actually what it was and
then years later when I studied
psychology in the brain I read
sherrington's definition of
Consciousness as an iridescence upon
matter meaning an effect that when you
shift the point of regarding slightly
the iridescence
disappears and I was you know it's it's
hard to even explain to myself let alone
to a room full of people how much I
cared about this kind of thing I mean
how is it possible for a 9-year-old
child to hold the image of one insect
continuously in their mind for months as
in almost a mystical Epiphany because of
how it looks something about how it
looks and then um you know as I broaden
