my
my my
interest as a pre-adolescent child I got
into science fiction and as I look back
on it now I see it was simply that it
broke down barriers conceptual barriers
about what was possible and that it was
setting me up for
this position Visa the input of the
world which was that I would entertain
any idea but believe in
nothing and this is I think a very uh
you know we're trying to actually talk
about a psychedelic Canon this is a very
central part of the Psychedelic attitude
toward the world to entertain all
possibilities but to never commit to
belief belief always being seen as a
kind of trap because if you believe
something you're forever preluded from
believing it's
opposite so you have run a line down the
center of the cognitive universe and
divided things into the believable and
the unbelievable well if you you you
know how a child lives in fantasy and
how fantasy then gives way and gave way
in my case to science fiction this is a
kind of prey delic mindset that many
many people of my
generation were experiencing as they
came up through the Eisenhower years
which were spiritually a complete desert
but in these pulp magazines uh you know
beneath the surface of Consciousness
notice throughout this month how much of
what is important to what we're talking
about goes on in the non-sanctioned
corners of the culture pulp
literature uh
Cults uh unsanctioned Gatherings of
friends rock and roll all of these areas
where the emotional content of the
culture is allowed to come to rest are
uh somewhat off limits into
adolescence
this cognition breaking iridescence
pursuing thing came directly up against
Eros
which was you know a
complete
um new
dimension for the goggle eyed Terror of
the science fairs to be plunged into
which was
myself and uh you know women sexuality
social
signaling intense emotion all of this
and everyone experiences this in a sense
sexuality is the builtin Psychedelic
experience that only a very few people
manage to
evade because uh you know we may like to
think that we are rational animals but
for purposes of biology a whole set of
completely irrational programs have been
built in that just can take you know a
professor of uh Indo-European grammar
and turn him into a haunted figure
pursuing chorus girls or any of the
other 50,000 variations on that theme so
OS is an ego overwhelming boundry
dissolving breakthrough creating force
in scripted into human life that is
pretty
intrinsically psychedelic and I think
that
um you know I I don't really understand
how all this works at all but when you
get very deep in especially on some of
these
tryptamines you brush up against some
kind of it's hard to even put words to
it but it's erotic it it's a it's a
potential within the concept of Eros
that is almost too much to bear and it
almost seems to imp that what we call uh
erotic
sensibility is a kind of lower
dimensional slice of some higher
dimensional reality that our feelings
are trying to carry us
into one of the this is sort of an aside
on that but one of the interesting
things about psychedelics and I now
speak of the compounds themselves is
especially the plants is they have a
certain
fascination with where the genes go and
will pair people across great lines of
