500 years a thousand years of practicing
culture in this particular way that
we've been doing it just doesn't work
well Abby Hoffman said uh that the first
duty of a revolutionary is to
survive and uh so my political career
reached a point where um I would I had
to choose between Exile and martyrdom
hope that you should be so lucky because
both choices are heroic you see but I
chose Exile which brings me to the next
of these psychedelic
metaphors or these psychedelic styles
that have nothing to do with the
compounds and that is
travel
travel some of you are traveling I know
because you have accents from far away
so you probably know what I mean but the
people who don't go
anywhere
are uh in danger of missing a major
point about what is going on so
I my traveling began very tentatively
and I went to
Israel and then I went to the sell
islands and then I went to India and
then I got in trouble and then I
couldn't come back so then I had to be
who I said I was because I had
essentially been making a tour in order
to return to Berkeley and slay women
with my Tales of Daring Do but I got
caught out there halfway around and had
to stay not the planned 3 months but
years years and years and years and
India and
Indonesia and the Amazon and Tokyo and
just you know a series of scenes where
my life seem I used to say I never sleep
in the same bed
twice I also came to realize then that
what happened to me in 10 days was more
than happened to my friends back at home
in a year because I would see you know
three countries five cities 18
ecosystems five Cuisines so forth and so
on in two weeks and for them you know
they were living out some kind of
machine like existence nothing is this
boundary
disolving as uh except psychedelic
compounds as travel travel is really up
there I mean you know go to these places
there are many many places and they are
not to be taken at face value they are
parts of your own psyche they are
syntactical intersections of
intentionality and cognition the fact
that you have to fly there on KLM is
only in
ental you
see because what you come up against in
these other places is cultural
relativity and culture the the Deep
coming to awareness of cultural
relativity is finally permission to look
at who you are not who they say you
should be you know because you see that
in this tribe you're an so if you fail
to eat your uncle at a certain critical
time in the situation and in this
Society you're an SOB if you don't own a
condo in Carmel so you know what how
seriously are we to take all this
there's a great saying um the an
alchemist of the 15th century uh
athanasius kishner said uh the highest
mountains the oldest
books the strangest
people there you will find the
stone and this idea that there is
something to be found first of all this
is very important for the Psychedelic
life again I was very lucky I read Carl
Yung very early before the yans really
got a hold of him and ruined it and um
what young is saying about conceiving
your life as a
quest is absolutely true psyche is some
kind of semi
malleable uh medium and if you set
yourself up as a loser if you image
yourself as a loser you will be a loser
and so forth this is not big news but
what's big news is that if you set
yourself your life up as a quest you
will actually find something
transcendental and
unimaginable I mean I I'm living proof
