of this because I set my life up as a
quest for a perverse reason to prove
that there was no mystery in other words
to debunk it to say you know I will
follow the ancient formula and show that
it's boneing by doing it perfectly and
achieving
nothing that's the kind of guy I
am
however what I discovered was
um that the world the model of the world
that we inherit that it's three
dimensional space and very humdrum and
you're caught in its laws and and like
that it's just not so I mean I don't
have all the answers but this is where
we need to put pressure is the world is
some kind of thing which can be taken
apart to and shown to be something else
many other things and nobody's saying
this I mean these physicists are just
sober as can be and all this argument
that goes back and forth about this
Paradigm and that Paradigm and whether
the world is made of anti- Masons or it
it's the world is obviously made of mind
and
intention and I not I don't mean this in
some Airy fairy can't get a grip on it
way I mean if the world is made of
cognition and intention then let's get a
technology together that allows us to
use that principle to make it the way we
want it to
be my mother said to me
when I was at her knee if wishes were
horses Beggars would ride and I think
you know the political implication of
that is uh Beggars should ride and
therefore turning wishes Into Horses is
a reasonable political
agenda and the Psychedelic show you know
the way it is to be done it's
somehow I don't know I I don't no and my
intuition is very strong that with
people with sufficient intelligence and
sufficient courage could at any time
break through and make this somehow
happen I mean it's a fantasy of two
people having a
conversation which ends with the
abolition of language basically in other
words turn the tools upon themselves and
unscrew everything and lay it out and
look at it and then rebuild it um the
way we want to now this could not even
be talked about if there were not
evidence that it is possible and the
evidence lies in this weird Dimension
this psychedelic thing and I would be
utterly despairing of the state of this
planet and ourselves if it weren't for
the existence of the these compounds I
think we would not have the chance of a
snowball in hell not a chance because
everything on the surface spells ruin
you know we are murderous monkeys we
have looted the future we have eaten the
food of our own children this is the
kind of crowd we are and yet and yet and
yet you know there is this shining
Transcendent thing that is is real and
this is what I hold against all the
priests and gurus and rishis and roshi
and GES and babaes around is they don't
explain that what they're talking about
is real I don't even think they know
that it's real perhaps they're just you
know parasites on an on an idea but it
is real and it is possible to manifest
it the problem is that we are so
perversely committed in the way we
invest
energy I mean uh a modern welle equipped
fighter plane cost $75 million the
United States government orders them in
lots of 500 at a time do you know what
$75 million would do to Consciousness
research in California one the cost of
one fighter plane I and the people I
know and the people they know could
deliver the Millennium for that kind of
money if uh you know the law stood back
because what we're talking about is a
correlation of data that has gone on now
for four or 500 years Botanical data
chemical data human data anthropological
data data about language data about
complex systems generally mathematical
models Dynamics Chaos Theory so forth
