accessible that is so appallingly
titanically and bizarrely different than
the Continuum that we're currently
residing in that it seems to throw doubt
on the entire effort to understand the
world as it's been carried out over the
past 1500 years in other words there is
an object
in this mental space which as culture
creating creatures we are attempting to
colonize and invade this cultural space
through the concrescence of language in
other words through exteriorizing our
ideas as tools we are invading this
cultural domain and the
psychodelic uh
tryptamines so and very recently
discovered by the way way I'm doing a
book for bantam and I have to go through
the whole history of these things and to
my amazement I the Indo trip the Indo
hallucinogens actually were never
studied LSD was invented in 1938 they
put it on the shelf for 5 years then the
guy took it Hoffman he said it's a henen
but the uh the war was raging that was
1943 it didn't actually make its way
into the journals until
1947 then from 47 to roughly
65 there was a great deal of interest in
LSD and research on it then that ended
with it becoming illegal meantime
psilocybin uh
DMT and uh and the uh beta caralin the
number of Articles and papers published
on these things numbers in the dozens in
the case of DMT it it's under 10 human
we're talking now human experiments not
rat slicing and uh physical chemistry
but actual human data so what we inherit
out of the 60s one of the ways which we
have been disempowered that we didn't
even know isn't this fun to learn a new
way that you were disempowered that you
didn't even know is
that the the LSD experience was made the
Paradigm of the Psychedelic experience
and it was placed at the center of the
phenomenological Mandela and then all
these other compounds were sort of
related into it in terms of doesn't last
as long as lasts twice as long as um
that sort of thing when you when you
think about this alternative reality and
the exploration by drugs with
psychedelic drugs and then the the
pervasive problem with other sorts of
drugs in the society it's it's and it
cuts very close to the core of ourselves
as creatures I mean we are addictive
animals we addict to everything we
addict to each other and glorify it as
our most noble out pouring of sentiment
in the phenomenon of romantic love I
mean when when a pair of lovers are
parted the withdrawal symptoms are
indistinguishable from heroin I mean
vomiting shaking uncontrollable
emotional Outburst
sleeplessness short temper hysteria this
is real it is a what romantic love is is
a
pheromonal bonding an exchange of
chemical Messengers which takes these
two autonomous organisms and Wells them
into one Galaxy of need and intention
and understanding and expectation well
then you just tear that apart and people
are you know shook up we addict to
political ideals you know all kinds I
mean it's wonderful what's happening in
ping but uh several decades ago the
thing was happening in Berlin to a
different be you know people find an
idea and it works and all barriers
appear to be movable and all goals
attainable we addict to things this is a
you know like
magpies but then through media trained
to propel ourselves into ever more
extensive relationships with objects we
invent money which is kind of a uh uh
multi transformable drug it stands for
everything you know everything you ever
wanted and you can addict to
money nevertheless
uh what I will argue during this month
is that
uh that this is not a bad thing that we
have a secretory
