history that I will try to convince you
of and I and you should try to convince
me that I'm wrong and we will argue over
the secret history of the human race and
why it is therefore that we are as we
are and why it is that these
psychedelics are not some peripheral
issue of screw balls who can see God in
a cabbage but that in fact the issue of
psychedelics is directly on the tracks
of the onrushing locomotive of
rationalist paternalist schola society
and that it ain't going to go away
because what we're talking about here is
a nude part of the human mind what we're
talking about here is something which
takes its place in the great unfolding
of the defin of the defining of human
Freedom that
characterizes the entire adventure of
global civilization in other words uh
you know we've got the pope under
control that happened in the Middle
Ages uh
slavery has now been generally embraced
as a bad thing to be into and we've
gotten that on the books as a bad bad
idea women have been suddenly recognized
to be human
beings and so forth so this this
swelling bubble of Aha and perception of
the real nature of the universe should
also include the uh sudden realization
that governments have no business
telling people what foods and spices
they should prefer that this is an
absurd
for government and that like slavery
like the uh subjugation of women the uh
uh legal uh persecution of dietary
habits has just got to take its place
with the highb button
shoe uh and we will talk a lot about the
consequences of this what does it mean
because you see what the government
would have us believe and perhaps
believes it itself although I doubt it
is that we would return to the beast
that's all you know we would just shoot
junk and tooth blow and flop around uh
in ruinous orgies until hell froze over
and they wiser Sterner more disciplined
than ourselves represent the edifice of
moral Authority this is a I'm doing it
for your own good trip see
um and actually this is all hypocrisy
and we will talk about that the roles of
governments in uh the
promulgation of drugs and drug cartels
and how this is what I learned doing
this book for bantam is
that drugs have always been there and
have always been manipulated by
governments I mean this is almost what
money was invented for was to do dope
deals and uh you know I'll show you what
I mean as we get into it
um but I want to return for a minute to
the transcendental object because that's
the part which gets me off the most it's
taken me a long time to believe what was
actually
happening in that I always said I could
believe it if I read in the newspaper
but I can't believe it because it's
happening to me or it's happening so
near to me but I just you know it hardly
now seems to matter and what we just
have to do is to try and talk frankly
based on our the experience which each
of us brings to this about you know the
thing how much of it have you seen well
what do you think you know how how does
it cast its shadow into your life what
is it uh because I talk on these
subjects I am a sort of a Nexus point
for information and I gather stories and
I see that you know science and rational
philosophy and all that stuff is going
on over here quite to its heart's
content well hundred and hundreds if not
thousands and thousands of people
exactly like
ourselves are logging in these
experiences which are you know
absolutely off the
scale and I I just don't I mean you know
there are a lot of people having
problems people abducted by UFOs people
visited by Whitley streber triangle
