just says Dominator and partnership and
and she believes and offers evidence
that there never was a matriarchy that
that whole notion of a pendulum moving
between patriarchy and matriarchy is not
uh valid and she and I are in agreement
in that we both see something very
important happening to human beings
around the emergence of Pastor ISM
around the time when the domestication
of cattle became a major concern of
human beings
uh this Great
Goddess uh religion that was worldwide
in prehistory is inevitably uh a cattle
religion and uh she talks a lot about
this and she talks uh a lot about uh
early cultural
accomplishments uh she's trained as an
archaeologist early cultural
accomplishments such as chatal huk a
civilization in southern turkey that is
important for my argument too because it
was very very early and achieved a
sudden and extreme flowering of culture
like nothing that would uh nothing would
rival it for several thousand years um
Mary set Gast calls it a premature burst
of complexity and Brilliance and um Rion
Eiser
uses um Dynamic Theory borrowed from
Modern mathematics borrowed from uh uh
Ralph Abraham who I'm sure many of you
know to make cultural models and so
there's been a lot of excitement about
this book among feminists but what has
been sort of overlooked is that this is
the first time there was ever a
mathematical uh application of Dynamics
to human history so this is a a good
book she is not psychedelic she and I
did a weekend together at ohigh which
where she was wonderfully generous and
tolerant of my dancing around in the
middle of her parade ground because I'm
saying you know that the dynamic that
drove this cultural transition had to do
with psychedelics and that this goddess
cattle religion had to be also a
mushroom religion and later today even
maybe we'll talk more about
that the second book which I think you'd
enjoy and I don't know maybe they have
they have this at the bookstore they
should have this it's called the
creative explosion an inquiry into the
origins of Art and religion now notice
that both of these books that I've
recommended contain long passages about
sudden outbursts of creative Brilliance
on the cultural level this is very
interesting to me because this is um
this stuff called novelty that we talked
about a little bit yesterday and TR
rcking these outbursts of Brilliance and
complexity in cultures and in our own
lives is the way we confirm for
ourselves the existence of um this
topological manifold over which
probabilistic or previously thought to
be probabilistic events are flowing what
Fifer John Fifer is saying in this book
is he it's a study of the cave art of
Spain and Southern France and what he's
saying about it is
that you know some of these things are
hundreds and hundreds of feet
underground down very narrow passages
and you have to go through all these
contortions to get to them anyway he's
saying that this was a uh manipulated
environment that these were created and
placed in this way to evoke very strong
emotional responses from people and
certainly even today with very
high-powered flashlights and nylon ropes
and all of this stuff it's a very big
deal to descend hundreds and hundreds of
feet into the ground you can imagine
people who had Tallow lamps and it
appears that they went into these places
and made these things uh and then only
returned very briefly uh on a cyclical
basis uh afterwards in other words they
didn't inhabit these places these were
ceremonial places and what he's talking
about is the high magdalenian which
is uh 19,000 to 177,000 years ago when
for the first time there was um bone and
antler techn te ology in other words the
