and what and I will carry this forward
over the
month what the psychedelics are for us
as a species rather than for each one of
us as an individual what they are for us
as a species is an enzyme that catalyzes
the language making capacity what is an
enzyme an enzyme is an organic Catalyst
what is a catalyst a catalyst is a
chemical agent which causes a chemical
reaction to perceive proed faster than
it ordinarily would without being
consumed the the catalyst is not
consumed so I I think that the
astonishing proliferation of cultural
effects languages religions ontologies
over the past 40,000 years out of
nothing because before that human
organization was I mean it was dull back
there for a million or two years I mean
it was there was so far as we can tell
no material culture at all now you may
wish to defend that it was wonderful but
you will find you have no evidence for
it but
suddenly after staying stable for a
million years the human brain size
doubles almost overnight and there is
this Cascade of cultural effects I
maintain that it has to do with
pastoralism as a behavioral habit
bringing these Proto hominids into
contact with psoc as a dietary element
and that psilocybin specifically
catalyzed certain qualities of the human
organism that worked to its evolutionary
Advantage such as Consciousness can you
imagine a more
multi-purpose mutational adaptational
change that would serve you well than
being able to think clearly I mean if a
if a flatworm could think clearly
evolutionary Horizons would open before
or any other organism it's like a super
non-specific immune response you can
handle any problem give me a problem I'm
a thinker I can handle it you know so uh
the catalysis of language well then it
only
ceased uh 2,000 years ago at elus when
triumphant chers stomped out paganism
wherever they found it and all of these
mystery religions were driven
underground and forgotten and it has to
do you know there are other factors such
as the Botanical scarcity of decent
hallucinogens in the European uh
ecosystem but you know details which we
can talk about but the point is 2,000
years is all that we've been away from
this and in that 2,000 years you know
we've elaborated the most lethal set of
assumptions and cultural conventions
ever brought forth I mean you know War
before people used to knock each other
on the head but in the hands of these
unstoned uh Dominator types with this
linear linguistic bias which then is
totally reinforced by the printing press
well you see you know it's a suicidal
cultural style well one of the things
that I think um happened in the 60s that
supports my
case in the wake of LSD
you see a tremendous enriching of
language endlessly sneered at by those
who don't talk that way but uh you know
it introduced the notion of the vibe the
ego
trip um these are worthwhile Concepts uh
the
bummer uh the flashback uh these are
linguistic pearls that uh you know
crystallized out of that experience and
I realized in the Amazon hanging out
with these
icaros these people using iasa which is
a different strategy to make DMT happen
but it ends up with the DMT happening
their songs were not to be listened to
but to be
seen and people would say how did you
like my song last night and people would
say you mean the blue one or the yellow
one and uh so you see I believe that the
psychedelics are working at the cultural
level to promote
language but also to it's it's not
simply a linear enriching of language
there's also something going on
