territory we're like South Pacific
Islanders we have taboos you know bring
this plant into your house and you must
go away to the big Slammer for a while
this is a
taboo um I don't I'm my position which I
don't suppose I should say I advocate
because as I understand it that's one
higher level of federal crime so here is
my position but I don't Advocate
it is that uh you know people should be
able to do whatever they damn well
please uh that government is for the
convenience of people people and in
particular in the United States we
already have in place a clause which
says life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness are inalienable rights
inalienable that means government cannot
interfere with these rights well Pursuit
of Happiness I don't think you have to
be a Shyer to believe that Pursuit of
Happiness covers experimenting with
psychedelic substances seems to me
perfectly
clear I think that uh you know part of
what I do as I speak around and I
suppose I should say it here because I
imagine some of you will end up
psychotherapists or are
psychotherapists is that
uh you know without an understanding and
a familiarity of the Psychedelic
experience uh you should be sued for
fraud if you're practicing
Psychotherapy because uh the Dynamics of
the Mind is and that what Psychotherapy
is about well you know this much unless
you have had a variety of psychedelic
experiences that's where the
confirmation of all this theory is and
that's where you find out what you're
running from it isn't that it is a
psychotomimetic as the the government
researchers hoped it would turn out to
be it's simply that it plays all the
changes you know it pulls out the stops
and plays in the major and the minor
keys and you uh see it all this is
indispensable for Psychotherapy and if
you look at the The Cure statistics on
alcoholism with
LSD uh it's phenomenal before LSD was
made illegal now I understand I do I
don't believe these are chemical cures
to drug dependency that isn't how it
works it works like this you take LSD
you're an alcoholic or a junkie you take
LSD all your Illusions and defenses are
dissolved you see that you're killing
yourself and that you're a pathetic
wretch and that you're destroying
yourself and the people around you and
then you come down and out of that
experience you existentially draw in
some cases the power the self-will and
the motivation to change your
behavior well I believe that as a
culture we could do this and this comes
perilously close to sounding like
everyone should take LSD I don't believe
that I think that
um it's a it's a calling it's a kind of
a
profession it's
uh well Shamanism is the best model and
I think that the The Rebirth of shamanic
uh awareness is part part of a much
larger cultural phenomenon which I call
the archaic revival I hate the term new
age I think it's just you know 11:00
News stuff but the archaic
revival is a notion of a series of
integrated trends that have been going
on for over a hundred years that are the
actual turning Belly Up of Victorian
Christian scientific male dominated uh
civiliz materialist civilization it
begins with phenomena like paap physics
in the 1880s in France and surrealism
and Freud and Yung and Abstract
expressionism and even the Nazis had a
piece of the action because of their
understanding of how ritual and
propaganda and I mean gbbl was the the
architect of the German archaic revival
and LSD has a part of it and what it is
is it's uh an
intuition an
intuition that to save ourselves from
