not be the highest value I'm perfectly
willing to to agree that it perhaps
isn't is
communication so I can't do much with
silence uh but I do I think Grant it
Primacy what we're trying to
do but also so you know I have to say
and I suppose it's good to say it in the
early faces I am I try to be rational
and analytical about what I'm dealing
with and I don't even know if I would
agree that the Psychedelic Dimension is
a spiritual dimension in other words all
I'm willing to say at this point is it's
another dimension it trying to turn it
into something which would make us
better people
or Worse people it doesn't seem to
operate like that uh William burough had
the notion that he said language is a
virus from outer
space
um it's possible that language is some
kind of higher order
organizing uh
principle it it only arises in the most
highly organized
higher mammal on the planet and to those
of you whose Hearts Leap to the defense
of dolphins mag pies and
honeybees good
luck but cuz it ain't King Lear that's
the point you see it isn't Milton it's
something but it isn't I mean language
has a force and a dynamic of its own
Perhaps it is a a virus from outer space
inhabiting us using us to articulate
sound I I'm fascinated by the mystery of
language because it's very Central to
understanding what psychedelics are why
do I say that because and I will refer
again and again to DMT dimethyl
tryptamine as the most interesting for
many reasons of these psychedelics but
today I just want to mention one aspect
of it in the trance that overwhelms you
when you are experience this
hallucinogen it only lasts for a few
hundred seconds and in that place there
are
entities that are making
sounds which visibly condense before you
in other words language has the
potential I swear to you in other words
this settles a question language has the
potential to be seen rather than beheld
well I saw this years ago in DMT flashes
and lo and behold a thorough inspection
of Pho judeus who lived contemporary
with Jesus Christ and was an alexandrian
Jew who wrote A volumes of commentary on
the religions of his era pho
talks about what he calls the logos the
logos was an interiorized teaching voice
which e Greek ecstatics sought to
contact and Philo says he asked he he
sets up a little dialogue and the first
Speaker says what would be a more
perfect
logos a more perfect logos than the the
informing teaching voice and Philo
answers the more perfect logos would go
from being heard to being beheld without
ever crossing over a noticeable moment
of
transition
astonishing I mean I always wondered do
these people did they know what they
were talking
about what did it mean to them what did
it mean to him to write that sentence
well we'll never know so here's what it
means to
me it means that the program of language
is an open-ended one and that we are
dynamically caught up in it that we are
language that's what distinguishes us
from the those who chirp and Twitter and
romp in the trees that we are language
and that language is evolving it's
changing and that in fact what we call
culture is nothing more than a kind of
shock wve trailing behind the the
forward edge of this language making
capacity because you can't invent it
before you can say it you can't sell it
before you can describe it you can't do
anything with it until it exists as a
lingu as a a commandable set of
syntactical connections so in one sense
