here this is a description of a
plant you see before the era of color
lithography botanists tried had this
need to be able to exactly describe and
differentiate plants one from another so
here is just a bit of a description of a
plant the plant is meystic a dendrum
amonium and this is what is called
called the taxonomic description tree up
to 25 ft in height leaves membranaceus
dark green very narrowly liulate
apically acuminate basically long
attenion marginally commonly subulate or
undulate 20 to 26 mm long 1.3 to 2 cm
wide minutely and irregularly pyos on
both surfaces flowers up to 28 usually
about 23 cm long apically 10 to 13 cm in
diameter very strongly sweet scented at
sundown KX
spaus green papus or membranaceus 2 to
five FID with acute teeth 3 fifths as
long as Corolla very minutely minutely
pyos Corolla divided 2/3 to 4 fths it's
length usually with five loes but often
four or six
membranaceus white spathulate or subs
spathulate ridia form long acuminate and
circinate that's half of the description
now the point of this
is the need to describe a plant puts
tremendous pressure on language to
accommodate itself to
difference that's what they're doing
there they're M attempting to create a
word picture that will make it possible
to tell this thing from any other thing
well women who were gatherers in this
early situation were under tremendous
pressure to elaborate a vocabulary a
visual
distinctions you know you eat the thorny
one not the smooth one you eat the one
with the leaves that have the crinkle on
the edge but not the one with the leaves
that have the furry Underside and this
kind of need put on real pressure for
language men in the hunting situation
had strangely enough uh the pack
signaling repertoire that we came down
from the trees with is pretty sufficient
for a pack hunting situation in other
words you have 40 or 50 barks and yells
and you can direct a complex hunting
operation you don't have to have this
tremendous stress on adjectives you know
uh and then the major stress in hunting
often is stoicism and
silence you know I mean it's not a
wrappy
undertaking and you to this day uh you
know it's thought to be a sexist
observation but when you go into
Villages of native people I mean they
always speak of the chattering of the
women and this is true I mean women
chatter a lot about the details of
ordinary existence this is what they are
heavily linguistically programmed to be
into is the details of uh ordinary
existence and especially in this matter
of food well
um where that the way in which the
mushroom fits into all this is that um
when the African continent began to dry
up it this happened over a very long
period of time and it wasn't just a
gradual phenomenon there were
glaciations and there were interglacial
periods but generally speaking over the
past half a million years Africa has
experienced a a progressive uh aridity
and this forced our remote
ancestors down onto an evolving
grassland situation simultaneously with
all these changes going on in the Proto
hominids a lot of ulate an mammals were
evolving in this sudden Rich grassland
environment um and in the dung of these
particular mammals the psilocybin
producing mushrooms found a suitable
environment they are that kind of
mushroom which is called coidic means
likes dung and uh the the the mushrooms
used in the Indian Cults of central
Mexico are not copper fiic mushrooms
with one exception they are ephemeral
deep forest mushrooms an
indemnified
um um community of species that seem to
have evolved there but the exception is
