Stone Age is ending and there's a bone
antler technology and there is this
tremendous um outpouring of
creativity mostly vented on a depiction
of these animal images of animals that
were in
um a state of semi-d domestication or
balanced upon the probability of
domestication so what we're seeing are
herds of deer and uh cattle and uh
primitive uh sheep and this sort of
thing so both of these books point to
unexplained outbursts of creativity in
the human past and document them very
well but without offering a causal
mechanism now on a more practical partly
more practical uh
bent um and this directly addresses the
Psychedelic issue if you're at all
interested in psychedelic plants this is
uh the Bible it occurs in several
different forms this is the botany and
chemistry of
hallucinogens by Richard Evan schulties
and Albert Hoffman schulties was the
Harvard botanist who
basically single-handedly created the
field of
ethnopharmacology and uh early on
shulties
understood that what uh native peoples
were saying about disease and plants was
very
um touched with folklore and cultural
factors but what they said about
psychoactive plans you could rely upon
and so he he oriented his career toward
the psychoactives and through the 50s
the 60s the 70s the 80s uh he and his
graduate students uh
basically shed light on a previously
completely unexplored area of Botany and
we now through books like this and you
may have seen his more popular book
plants of the Gods uh uh these basically
list and discuss the major psychoactive
plants of uh the third planet from the
Sun and uh if you if you need
information this is where you go and
there are extensive
bibliographies this is the first edition
it's now been issued in a second edition
but this is pretty
indispensable uh then there are a few
other books too but uh this is the one
to start with well so that's just sort
of business uh people should be directed
toward books that then expand
the basis of what's being said does
anybody want to say anything about
yesterday and go back over any know that
I thought I would talk a little bit
today about uh see the way I imagine
this happening is that if there's
nothing else going on then there are
facets to this thing and they may not
even appear to be connected to you at
first but I will just then choose one of
these facets and uh talk about it so a
facet that was brushed on yesterday that
needs to be really brought forward and
understood clearly is
um it kind of comes under the general uh
Banner of the feminine but from several
different points of view I want to talk
about how the
Psychedelic uh experience reflects on
and relates to the feminine first of
all a lot of this has to do with how I
think of of the origin situation I think
everything was set then and uh
women I
think well it happened like this that
there was
specialization in these early Proto
homonid and homon populations and it
generally divided along the lines of
that the women because they almost
always had babes at breast were more
collectivized and
more traveled less the men hunted and
the women kept the children and all that
together and the women were gatherers
this is the important thing that the
women were gatherers and that what they
were gathering was
food and what they were gathering was
plants
primarily so that
uh I I'll show you something
