what we have done we must reach far far
back in time for a stabilizing
metaphor not as the Renaissance did Back
to Classical Greece and Rome to create
classicism which of course all happened
in the 15th century but further back to
uh
prehistory to a time when people and
nature lived in a kind of balance I
don't mean just any time in prehistory I
mean essentially the postglacial period
called the magdalenian about 19,000
years ago when the glaciers began to
melt and the Sahara turned green again
and uh the cave paintings were done at
Lasco and alamira Bone antler technology
was invented it was the great Springtime
of our people and the last Springtime of
our people and then we came down through
uh but in that time in a partnership
society and this is Rion eisler's term
and I will talk about that through the
month in a partnership Society there was
no oscillation between a matriarchy and
a patriarchy there are Dominator
societies and there are partnership
societies and gender has nothing to do
with it we can entirely overcome the
[ __ ] about gender in talking about
cultural forms it's Dominator versus
partnership and uh the partnership
society that existed in those
times was the quintessent ential
expression of a symbiotic relationship
and this is a new you know new idea that
I want to get across during this month
which is our anxiety our angst our
wandering in the Wasteland is
because um there's something wrong with
us that we didn't that we don't know
about what it is is this we are symbi
otic
creatures we require a relationship with
a certain plant and if we don't have
this we go slightly
bananas and this symbiotic relationship
was disturbed about 12,000 years ago it
has to do and I will go over it in more
detail Downstream but it has to do with
uh periods of of drought in the African
continent
that forced people into the Middle East
and to where they were no longer able to
access this plant then begins what we
call human history at the N9 at the
11,000 BP point at places like Jericho
and chatal huk in southern Anatolia
what's happening with human history is a
a a perhaps not even articulated but
nevertheless Restless driving search for
substitutes substitutes for the Lost
partnership Ambiance substitutes for the
plant symbiot which held that in stasis
and these substitutes work their way
over the Millennia through uh the Opium
Cults of
Anatolia um the hemp Cults of the skians
the elisian Mysteries and the these are
the great uh acceptable substitutes for
the mystery you see what religion is is
a contact with the tremendum with the
numinosum at the beginning of history in
this context of plant hallucinogen Isis
and then the fall the fall literally the
fall is the telescoping stages that
moved us away from the original purity
of this numinous image and it ends in
crack
addiction it's all about substances this
is why we frantically search the
universe for what my friend Leo Ze used
to call the perfect high that's what
we're looking for we can't help
ourselves whole cultures are doing it
and they don't think of it as a drug
they think of it as an epiphany a
religious system a set of sacramental
buildings or a a city organized on a
divine plan but what they're trying to
do is restore order and they can't do it
because like the Romantic lovers
parted the partner is not present the
the uh completing Ana image is simply
not there and so we are restless violent
neurotic
repressive
migratory uh
destructive self- negating so forth and
so on I think that we're coming to the
place where we can actually begin to
