that's not where I'm coming from I mean
I have nothing but scorn for all weird
ideas other than my
own
so and and the reason I tolerate my own
weird ideas is basically because of what
I've gone through I would never believe
it if I hadn't seen it you know there's
a wonderful story and I'm I have no love
for Christianity either but tell a a
Christian
story this is what I got out of the
gospels uh Christ appeared several times
in the upper room after the crucifixion
to the apostles the first time he
appeared the Apostle Thomas was not
there and so um
then uh Thomas came after the
visitation and uh they said um the
master was here he was with us and
Thomas said
[ __ ] and they said no no he was here
and he said unless I put my hand into
the
wound I will not believe
it so time passed and Christ came again
to the upper
room and uh
Thomas was there among the other
Apostles and Christ said uh Thomas come
forward put your hand into the
wound and he did and he
did now the conclusion that I draw from
this story is
alone of all human beings in human
history Thomas the doubter
touched the incorporeal resurrected Body
of Christ only the
doubter was allowed that privilege for
everybody else you know the show and I I
just take that absolutely seriously I
think that God or he she or it loves the
doubter and prepares Treasures in
Paradise for the doubter
that Eclipse
anything and the method has worked for
me and I have
seen absolutely astonishing things I'm
sure many of you have too I have seen
things where I had perfect confidence
that no human being had ever laid eyes
on these places before and I'm sure you
have too because that's how big it is in
there it is the further in you go the
bigger it
gets we are like
monkeys sitting in the presence of a
flying saucer whose doorway has just
been flung open this is what we need to
become conscious of we need
to dissolve the assumptions of the
culture and this is why LSD was so
terrifying because I firmly believe
believe that one of the things
psychedelics do is they uh dissolve
cultural assumptions it doesn't matter
whether you're a member of the polet
bureau or a go- go dancer in Berlin or a
professor of agronomy in Kansas you will
doubt your beliefs in your world if you
take psychedelics this is good we need
to dissolve our cultural conditioning
and try to get down to Brass tax because
I'm convinced that reality is a tinker
toy set that we can learn to take apart
and put together in completely different
ways and we're going to have to pull
some real rabbits out of the hat or the
planet is just going to pour over the
edge into
chaos uh and I you know before they were
called psychedelics they were called
Consciousness expanding drugs well if
there's any possibility that that's true
let's put our best people on it because
Consciousness is what we're dying for we
don't have enough of it we can't feed
the hungry we can't manage a global
economy we can't hold down Guerilla
Warfare we can't cure AIDS we need to
get
smart and if this stuff has anything to
do with getting smart on any level even
for one in a thousand of those who use
it Pour It On on we can't stand around
like a bunch of nitwits just watching
the planet burn down around us now it's
very touchy this whole thing because it
is literally and uh and perhaps
metaphorically as well illegal forbidden
