biologically that language is actually
gaining in the vertical dimension in
its uh uh behold ability and uh this is
taken very seriously in the Amazon
because these small hunter gatherer
groups where there's big pressure on
protein and there's no room for mistakes
they guide their societies by taking
these drugs together in a group
situation
and collectively they see whatever this
means they see and they model uh what
their future is going to be it's true
telepathy you see when you listen to my
voice if you understand what I'm saying
it's because my incoming words cause you
to go to your dictionary and look them
up one by one and if your dictionary is
pretty close to my
dictionary we will understand each
other but the whole Act of communication
depends on this assumption
that the dictionaries are the same if
they're not the same then you will not
understand me if on the other hand I
could make you see what I
mean this is not a culturally
conditioned Avenue of information
transfer you don't have to learn English
to look at an English
woman it's easy you just do it it's at
the biological level and so this is I
think in terms of consciousness
expansion you say well it's good it's as
a general notion but what direction is
it moving it's moving in the direction
of literally a clarifying of language a
clarifying of language into something
that can be beheld and uh it's an arrow
toward uh a greater domain of
existential validity that each of us can
uh can move in we need to communicate we
need to find out who we are each of us
individually and then we need to tell
each other the whole Dominator style of
unstoned culture engineering is ego
that's what happens when you don't take
psychedelic drugs as a culture ego Flows
In that's what was happening on the
plains of Africa every Saturday night
everybody was getting loaded and
boundaries were dissolving the boundary
of the Assumption of the uniqueness of
the individual they were taking these
things and they were having well group
sex basically these were the two things
it's clear because of the quality of
psilocybin that it actually at at
mid-range doses causes arousal you see
at very low doses it increases visual
Acuity Therefore your hunting improves
therefore you and your progeny are more
successful then at slightly higher doses
everybody's morning there's a lot of
activity in the group and and partying
at higher doses then that turns into
religion and you're just slammed to the
floor of the
cave you know so it's this three-step
thing which plays on our basic needs to
drive us into a deeper and deeper
relationship with this uh with this
mystery and it's such a it's such a huge
idea that this is what we are that this
is so fundamental that this isn't just
some curiosity of you know hedonic West
Coast so forth and so on but that it is
in fact Central to understanding and
defining humanness and to trying to grab
some of the controls of this sinking
submarine of a planet and get it back up
to the surface long enough for us to all
climb in a rowboat and to make our way
somewhere so thank you for being here
today all of
you I was going to uh just mention three
books I might mention more as time goes
on but these three are uh Central to
understanding what I'm going to be
saying this month and they're very
different books some of you many of you
may have read this one which is the
chalice and the blade by ran Eiser and
this is the the book that talks about
the
partnership versus Dominator model of
society and gets the gender
tension inherent in the matriarchy
patriarchy way of framing that problem
it gets that out of the way because it
