in the genus Faria where you get this
these copper fiic mushrooms staria
cubensis and its conspecific species and
they appear wherever there are cattle of
the boss syndicus type the which is the
seu the humped white cattle this is a
very primitive form of of U uh Asian
cattle probably the nearest living
relative to boss uh primogen which was
the uh the prototypic ice age uh uh
cattle so um this the mushroom occurs
then in this situation in the in the
manure well the pressure on the
environment is for protein is intense
and I saw myself in Kenya tribes of
baboons on the velt and they would go
over and examine and cow pies and flip
them over looking for grubs underneath
them so it's in the repertoire of the
behavior of these uh of these Apes to
associate these things and the mushroom
presents itself as a completely
startling phenomenon in the natural
environment I mean I've seen them in
pastures in the Amazon the size of small
dinner plates and on stocks 11 in high
you know so we're talking a
hefty uh a hefty piece of protein the
question is can you eat this thing and
the
um what happens you see when you
uh when you eat a little bit of
psilocybon and this was shown by
experiments by Fisher years ago is that
there's an increase in visual ACC
ity very slight but measurable well this
means that U this gives you an
evolutionary adaptation in the hunting
situation you have better eyesight than
other members of your group and then you
yourself had before you admitted this
item into your diet well you know this
is a
self-reinforcing situation on a scale of
thousands and thousands of years very
quickly those not availing themselves of
this quote unquote artificial
augmentation to sensory Clarity will be
bred out because uh there's just no
percentage in poor
vision uh at slightly higher doses the
psilocybin causes uh sexual
arousal well again you don't have to be
an an evolutionary biologist to
understand that the number of successful
calculations that you complete has a
direct bearing on the success of your
reproductive strategy these are all
numbers games you know I mean those who
[ __ ] more have more children is what it
comes down to so if if a certain
dietary
um item is causing sexual activity well
then we're going to see more and more of
the children of the people who indulge
in that dietary item and this can be
very
unconscious you
see and then the third thing is of
course that at yet higher doses it gives
way to this uh mystical tremendum this e
entry into hyper space what this has to
do with the feminine is that uh I think
the women would have been the gatherers
of the mushrooms the women were the
keepers of the reproductive Mysteries
anyway this cow cult that got going it's
very clear to me that from the Primitive
from the point of view of a preliterate
person the mushroom comes from the cow I
mean you can't explain it any other way
it has no seeds I mean this was puzzling
to people up until the 16th century they
couldn't figure out where these things
ever came from they were accustomed to
the notion of plants having seeds but
these mushrooms which sprang up
overnight just seemed
mysterious so I think very early in
prehistory there was a
religion which was
uh a celebration of the feminine a
psychedelic religion an orgastic
religion to take account of this arousal
factor in psilocybon and that it was in
this environment over thousands and
thousands of years that humanness
emerged an environment of boundary
dissolution of uh
uh where erotic connection was actually
