Psychedelic uh activator in the
environment begins to look more like a a
sort of biogenic
engineering it is curious that what
these psychedelics do on
a on a scale of the community
is they release new
ideas you become the bearer of new ideas
or new tools new techniques new ways of
doing things and that this is how
culture moves forward that culture is a
phenomenon dependent on the generation
of ideas plans Notions connections well
this is precisely what these compounds
are doing so is that a
coincidence or or is that uh part of the
regulator are we in fact somehow managed
toward some point and then the question
Becomes Of course for what and then you
know it it devolves into the realm of
Science Fiction I had a I had a
professor once who had a fairly Grim
view of things and his notion of what
human history was all about was that
uh it was a radioactive minerals mining
project and that when we finally had all
these nuclear weapons stacked up like
cordwood somebody would come from
another world and say thank you very
much this is what we wanted and you've
done a good
job the all of human history was simply
to get people to stockpile plutonium for
somebody else's very good reasons well I
don't think it's anything quite so Jack
armstr strongish as that because what I
sense in the mushroom is a tremendous
heart a
tremendous you know it's all it's well
beyond all of that it's a it's a an
emotional intellectual feeling toned
kind of thing but is it a benevolent gal
itic monitor is it the beating heartbeat
of Gaia is it this anelle that I spoke
of at the beginning of the hour that is
somehow the sum total of process on the
earth or is it possible that I have been
uh remiss in my assessment of the
capacity of human beings and that this
is nothing more than
us it doesn't seem to me like us it it
doesn't look like that to me I got into
this game originally as a kind of an art
historian and art historians are you
track motifs over centuries or decades
depending on your biley Wick and you and
what it really is is it's the
exploration of the human unconscious
viewed as the as art art you learn what
people have made can make do make in the
realm of images well the thing that was
most astonishing to me about these high
high gain psychedelic States is how
unfamiliar it is how totally unfamiliar
it is even if you've made a study of the
Productions of the human mind in the
visual Dimension so that it to me and
again this may be my own psychology what
is always left out of descriptions of
the
Psychedelic State the Deep psychedelic
state is how weird it is I mean a hair
raising oddness that aderes to it that
is I call being in the presence of the
other the other wants to
be as acceptable to us as possible it
doesn't want to frighten us it doesn't
want to appall us but it's very hard for
it to perceive what our parameters of
expectation and bear ability are
I mean that's very very clear uh one of
the things after years of smoking DMT
and trying to form a metaphor for it I
finally realized that this place that I
kept bursting into was um the equivalent
it was somebody's idea of a play pan it
was somebody very
weird this was their notion of what a
human being would feel most comfortable
with and so it was you know rounded and
enclosed and there's a low hum and it's
white and
these uh language elves that come
hopping out of the woodwork to transform
themselves those are the equivalent of
what you hang over a baby's cradle you
know bright colors moving lights that'll
keep them
busy well and and and it was a shocked
me to realize this because I realized it
