certainly uh language obfuscates reality
it cannot help but do this it does it uh
in the following manner a child born
into what the psychologist William James
called a blooming buzzing
confusion a child born into the blooming
buzzing
confusion attempts to isolate complexes
of AC ity complexes of color sound and
tactility and the uh nurturing parent
provides
names this is a kitty this is a bird
this is a
blanket what is happening here is that
the blooming buzzing
confusion is slowly being tiled over by
an interlocking and seamless set of
names and syntactical structures which
literally then stand for reality they
stand for
reality so unless you're the kind of uh
very fortunate person who speaks many
many languages fluently and has a sense
of this relativity of the intent to
communicate you are barred from
realizing the uh context dependency of
your own language and we all are like
this this impressed me very much in the
Amazon because the first time I went to
the Amazon I knew nothing about
botany and it appeared to me largely to
be
green and when I returned some years
later having made a fairly thorough
study of the taxonomic families of
tropical plants it was a vast intricate
fascinating domain because I had
terms for all these Exotic floral forms
Leaf forms seed Expressions
morphology you see nature Nature's
expression in the world of form is
called its morphology morphology is the
science of form well
form has we tend to think of it as a
platonic concern after all aren't the
forms somewhere in uh a platonic
hyperspace aren't they somehow above and
beyond the mations of language and
perception well they are if you're a
platonist
but when we look at natural form the
Enterprise of science has been to
attempt to describe natural form this is
in essentially a program to be carried
out within the domain of
language and this has been entirely
overlooked by the philosophy of science
so far as I can tell I mean the world is
not made of anti-m
and quarks and photons and
electromagnetic fields reality is made
of
words reality is made of symbolic
interlocking uh linguist mathematical
constructs everything beyond that is
pure conjecture I mean this is what you
learn in philosophy one the relativity
of knowing the impossibility of actually
nailing down uh the onos of what is
presented in the theater of perception
through an exercise of epistemic knowing
it cannot be done you can't brain cannot
fully
elicit elucidate brain there's a a
tautology there so
language is something that Springs from
the biological Matrix and the
neurological Matrix Within us and its
major um the major theme of its siren
song to us is that it allows us to know
the world and to communicate it well the
truth is it does allow us to uh know the
world to some degree and it does allow
us to communicate about it but a price
is paid at every step of the way first
of all because we are concrescent
entities of feeling this is Alfred
northed we are concrescent entities of
feeling yet our language prepares us to
describe a world of three-dimensional
spatial relationships between solid
objects so it is not true to the
perceiver you see there is a kind of
break of Faith with uh the world
language betrays language betrays in
order to mean you know archabald mlash
said a poem should not mean but be but
the and this is a reasonable statement
of a poetic but it is not a basis for a
theory of of
