uh a much uh dicer situation and if you
know anything about Middle Eastern
archaeology in Palestine there is a
great puzzle
because uh before
9,500 it's virtually empty this is the
interglacial uh ice reached as far south
as sidon in Lebanon and this area was
all Frozen up but but as the as the
glaciers retreated suddenly there are
people at inabah and later at Jericho
and at several places and it's always
been assumed by uh archaeologists on
basically chauvinistic grounds that this
must have been an outpost of Old Europe
the the Balkan Yugoslavian area that
Maria gutus has written so much about
because these people are so Advanced
they're called
natufians and they appear very suddenly
in the archaeological record
9,500 a th000 years later they Bill
Jericho which is that at that time the
most advanced uh uh City site on the
planet and uh but before they build
Jericho their habit of building was
under Rock
escarpments and this is the same style
of Neolithic uh building that existed in
the teli plateau of
Algeria so in the absence of much
archology to support either side I think
it's reasonable to think that these
people may have come out of Africa and
in fact there is some evidence of this
because there is what's called uh uh
burnished sudanes where
four is found in these natufian places
and burnished sudanes where for comes uh
from uh deep in what is now
Ethiopia so there was a at least trade
and I think based on and the the people
who write about all this have commented
on the African
motifs because uh while we don't have
much art from Jericho these people a
thousand years after Jericho by now it's
7,500 they built chatal huk in southern
Anatolia and this is truly a science
fiction civilization I mean it's
freakish it's
7,500
BC uh the
pyramids lie 3,000 years in the
future so uh what about that well we
don't know but uh one of the one of the
questions that will remain unanswered in
this month is
why why is there this Synergy between
the plants and the human beings is it
chance is it just that this is how it
works out and now we are
self-reflecting enough to be able to
unravel the threads that went into the
Confluence of uh influences that created
us or is it plotted somehow and this is
then the Extraterrestrial Gene theory is
this thing some somehow strewn in our
way because you see I I don't buy any of
the Extraterrestrial intervention
theories that have them landing on the
White House lawn or projecting images
into the minds of people who live in
trailer courts or all these things
they're accused of doing the one thing I
grant extraterrestrial intelligence is
great subtlety and probably a long time
scale to do whatever they want to do
it's possible to reach a point
of uh
deconditioning it's a kind of
reconditioning but it's also
deconditioning where it seems obvious
that the planet must be
monitored it is after all such an
interesting Planet it seems that if
anyone could monitor they would I mean
we've already now through the probes
we've sent into our own solar system
seen about 33 worlds and they all fall
into various classes and not one comes
anywhere near to what we are we are what
astrophysicists have given the Charming
acronym we are a [ __ ] a [ __ ] is a
water heavy oxygen rich world and water
heavy oxygen rich is rare rare rare R
rare so it may very well be that every
one of these is closely monitored well
once you allow that notion then the the
presence of the Psychedelic genes the
