we're McKing about in the domain of
profound mystery and I really can't help
you I don't have answers I my one answer
is my little time wave which I'm willing
to share with you but uh ideas in this
domain are a dime a dozen I mean my
dream was always to catch an idea
because I saw that that's what the
Psychedelic thing was and some of the
ideas are tiny ideas amusing and
Preposterous but UT L worthless and then
the large ideas leave you
just like that because they go by and
tear your nets to shreds and your main
concern at that point is to row for sure
but every once in a while there comes
one of manageable size that you can
actually wrestle into your little boat
and uh take back to a stound everyone in
the village with and the time wave I
have the feeling that in the in the
DMT easis that the time wave gets about
a minute about 3 seconds because they
say look at this you say oh wow that's
amaz say look at this say my god I've
never seen it say but look at this and
each one of these are you your amazement
is genuine and your reaction is correct
you are being shown the most amazing
things you've ever seen it's simply that
you cannot retain what they are so the
goal is first of all to be there to know
about it to draw strength from the the
evidence for magic but then the higher
calling is to bring is to is to be a a
hunter to find something to bring it
back I mean if that's a little too meaty
a metaphor for you well then think of
yourself as a noetic archaeologist you
we want to bring back an object a flower
from hyperspace a machine from another
world and apparently the easiest things
to bring back are ideas and so we have
to pay a lot of attention because ideas
can cross the barrier very little else
can but if we pay sufficient attention I
think all much of these ideas can be
brought across and we can bring all
nothing is fair I mean computer Graphics
voice operated tape recorders uh
anything that works I mean the this is
we've hit the main vein of ideas out
there in hyperspace and the goal is just
to fill our nap saacks as full as we can
and then get back to base with this
stuff I guess really I mean I'm about to
wind it down now the real point of this
month and it I have to keep clearing it
back and reminding myself and you is
that we've discovered something and that
we don't know what it is and that we're
like the monkeys in 2001 dancing around
the monolith but this is important I
mean that's almost all we can say at
this point but it's very very important
the world will never be the same once
the implications of this are worked out
and since I believe a lot of its impact
is going to be in Psychotherapy and I
see you guys as probably many of you
will be psychotherapists or therapists
or doctors you're going to have an
impact and be involved in this but
basically we're just clearing a space
for a discovery and it's a hard
Discovery to announce because we don't
know what we've discovered we just know
we've really discovered
something fire must have hit with this
kind of impact and look how long it took
to work out what you could do with
it well that's it for today thanks very
much so since this is a fairly small
group and I'm feeling fairly confident
uh I'd like to talk about language
today and I will attempt to open this
with the performance which is something
I rarely like never do
TW
brillig and the slyy toes did JY and
gimble in the
wave all Mimsy were the borogoves and
the M wraths out
grave beware the jabber walk my son the
Jaws that bite the claws that catch
beware the Jubjub bird and shun the
ferus bander
snatch he took his vpal sword in hand
long time the maxome foe he
sought so rested he by the tum tum tree
