the basis of
community and where there was a constant
exposure to this UNL language
unassimilable uh mystical
tremendum and there was the the
psilocybon was acting then as a
tremendous Catalyst for language because
remember I think I said this that it its
primary role in prehistory and in the
present possibly is as to catalyze
linguistic shifts because linguistic
shifts then give culture permission to
follow and erect whatever edifices it
wants now throughout
prehistory this vegetable goddess is uh
a horned goddess a goddess of the moon a
goddess of cattle and a goddess of
plants and what I'm suggesting in this
book I'm writing and I should try it out
on you because I won't you know you're
the my best shot is the notion that um
and I said this before but I repeat
myself and also things make more sense
sometimes when heard
again
that the natural human condition is
actually a condition of
symbiosis with this hogen this
particular
hogen that the mystery of who we are and
the mystery of why we are so bere and
why his history and why all this
Malarkey is because things went on 15 to
25,000 years ago that we have not that
we have repressed and never faced the
implications of that we actually had a
symbiotic relationship on the mental
level with some kind of feminine
overmind and you know never mind all the
questions which this raises about where
is it what is it how does it do it but
just that the
Gan um process is more than a process it
is a
self-reflecting uh intellect of some
sort how can we pass judgment on this
what do we know the Earth is 5 billion
years old intelligence may come in many
forms self-reflecting awareness may come
in many
forms uh but what seems clear is that uh
there was a dialogue with this other and
there was balance and there was
wholeness and there was a way of being
which well it was paradisical that's why
we are so haunted by the loss of it
that's why all of our ontologies are the
story of how something was taken from us
something was
lost and uh it's nobody's fault exactly
I mean it really has to do with the
processes of the planet that this
partnership Paradise that arose as we
came to Consciousness in the Cradle of
Africa was dependent on the continuation
of this extremely rich grassland
environment which was in fact a
transient phenomenon so that by 8 10
12,000 years ago visible pressure was
being felt by these populations in
Africa and you see each time there has
been an interglacial period over the
last 100,000 years
uh human populations and pre and in the
older Strat of Proto hominin populations
bottled up in Africa have radiated out
across the Eurasian continent but only
in the last interglacial 20,000 years
ago were those people leaving Africa
true
pastoralists they had flocks they had
skin tants they had a religion they had
language we know this I mean there's
just no doubt about it before that they
were uh nomadic Hunter and gatherers so
you this relationship to the mushroom
and the relationship to the cattle
actually the first payoff was an
entirely New Order of civilization the
symbiotic relationship with the
cow which made life much much easier
either fueled by or fed into the
symbiotic relationship with the mushroom
which gave more successful hunting
better sex and
religion so there were all these uh
factors feeding into this situation now
when these people got out of the Middle
East I mean got out of of Africa and
settled in the Middle East it was a much
