notion like that and let it sit in you
realize that any conservative habit of
thought is totally skewing you away from
the quintessence
of and it's
personal that's the other thing the
world isn't this unbelievably strange
thing which is out there the world is
this Stranger than we can suppose thing
which begins from the core of us out
that means nothing need taken be taken
for granted it can be taken apart it can
be put together many many way
I mean I really you know a a um a short
definition of Tantra you probably all
have some notion of what Tantra is but a
a short definition of it is it's the
shortcut that's what they say in India
they say the premise of Tantra is that a
single being can attain Enlightenment in
a single lifetime that's the premise of
Tantra that in a single lifetime you
could attain enlightenment well imagine
if you took that
seriously how much more engaged you
would be with the problem of figuring it
out because what if the only place you
can figure it out from is a living
body and so you get 80 90 years in a
living body and if you haven't figured
it out by that time well then you're
dead and that's it but during that time
you had to crack at the big one there
was nothing holding you back from
figuring it out and then transcending
such absurd Notions as life and death
and here and now so it's like an
opportunity you get to walk out on the
court they pitch you the ball and you
have a chance to make an 80 foot set
shot and if you don't into the bin with
that
one o yaniger and I who was a great old
LSD researcher and runs the Albert
Hoffman library in La when he and I
first met we were sort of testing each
other and he has a famous reputation for
being erasable and we just sort of were
fiddling around and then I mentioned DMT
and he just beamed and lit up and said
now that's something my God and this is
what everybody says when you push them
they it's like they admit that it is
what it is but it never occurred to them
to go further to look into it to see
what could be done with it and of course
it sneered at from two directions it's
called the businessman's trip because
it's so short the old thing in the 60s
was oh you can do it on your lunch hour
well what I want to know is what
business are these businessmen
in because
uh and then the other thing that was
said of it was it fries your brain
well that's a subjective statement about
what it is like to have it happen to you
it doesn't fry your brain the fact that
it reverses itself in s minutes shows
that it is probably can compete with the
world's five or six most innocuous drugs
because that's a way of thinking about
how your body handles a drug my God if
it can return you to the Baseline of
Consciousness in seven minutes then it's
just immediately turning this stuff into
harmless byproducts that go into the
urine it means it's safe well you see
we're reaching scary conclusions here
we're reaching the conclusion that the
strongest of all hallucinogens is the
safest of all
hallucinogens that would carry with it a
certain implication about doing these
things and yet what is on the line when
you do DMT is not your body but your uh
Maps your structure your belief system I
I don't I've never seen it hit anybody
quite as hard as it hit me but I was
transformed in a moment from a Marxist
skeptic
scientist I just it it was then and I
will say it still is now it is pure 100%
magic It's Magic it's not a drug it's an
event it's not something that you do
it's something which happens to you and
people come out of it saying what
happened what happened saying you did it
say that's what happened I did it you
mean I just smoked this that that's it
