profoundly it's true that's what it is
it's some kind of environment designed
for a human being who has just been
transported across hyperspace and is
going to be observed for 2 minutes and
15 seconds and then sent back and uh why
should it be that way does this really
have anything to do with the spiritual
life or is this some skew viewed off
other Tac entirely I don't know there
are suggestions there are hints but it
by no means has the support of a Broad
River of tradition for instance um the
the 56th fragment of heraclitus who's a
great guy I mean heraclitus was one of
us he'd be comfortable with this
situation I'm sure the 56th uh fragment
of heraclitis says the Aon the Aon is a
child at play with colored
balls this saying is 2,600 years old
what is it talking about who knows but
then you break into this place and you
see the Aon and it's a child and it's
playing with colored balls and you say
my God you know it's like you're not
meant to know this stuff uh the uh the
kabiri in alchemy are the children that
are generated in the alchemical process
not the hunchul but these are the little
elves of the metals that come out of the
retort and can be seen dancing uh in the
fire these this archetype Motif whatever
it is is hair raising when you encounter
it because it doesn't look like an
archetype or a motif it looks like a
little man 11 in high or a self-
transforming jeweled basketball or an
object from uh another
dimension very puzzling the parameters
cannot be known or at least are not yet
known I mean perhaps it's foolish to say
the parameters cannot be known we are
like explorers we anybody who goes into
the Psychedelic Dimension we are all
going to be go into the books as pioneer
years because it's too early for us to
be anything else there's no Maps no
finished database just anecdotes of the
crazy crazy stuff that goes on that's
why it's so important to uh to try and
share this stuff doesn't your comparison
of sounds to me that your the DMT
experience and you've said other people
who have had very similar experiences
with the language and the Els and all
this does your comparison with that and
other hallucinogenics um help you draw a
conclusion as to maybe this particular
one is more off the- wall and and more
no I think it's a I think it's a a place
that you approach by different
strategies because a a a high dose of
psilocybon will eventually put you into
a place where you have to say my God I
can't tell it from a DMT
Flash and a high dose of
iasa will eventually carry you exactly
to the same place the difference is that
the DMT it's if you the only way you can
evade the DMT is mechanically that means
only if you take too small a to will it
fail if you can take a big enough toke
it will deliver the goods while with the
psilocybon mushrooms with the iasa you
have to be a navigator you have to know
how to tack and breathe and descend and
level and maybe a little mantric Flash
and Dash It's
trickier but uh but with the S with the
DMT you know by God you know it has you
uh if you get enough of it it's ex you
know they used to say of uh during the
Mogul Dynasty they used to say of the
city of ispahan in Persia that it was
half the world because of the beauty of
the vaed ceilings of its mosques is
fahan is half the world well DMT is half
the world it's just I would be totally
despairing if it didn't exist because it
holds back the premise of the mundane
the premise of the mundane is shown to
be ludicrous beyond belief and not worth
the moment's trouble it's just ruled out
of bounds you know the world is I'm sure
you've heard me say this the world is
not only Stranger than we suppose it's
Stranger than we can suppose I mean
think about that it is stranger than we
can
suppose and when you sit down with a
