say yes calm down the trip is over I say
trip you must be crazy to call it a trip
it's not a trip it's a it's a it's an
event it it's like being struck by
lightning have you ever had one of these
things it's a lot like like an
automobile accident an automobile
accident is a very interesting thing
because you're going along and
everything is ordinary and then reality
just begins to unpeel it just begin and
and you have this very oh my God I can't
believe it and it continues to go on you
know and say wow it's really
happening it's exactly like that you
know I mean it just it's a collision
with another
modality on I have uh on
DMT made
sounds the intensity and purity of which
are immediately convince you that no
human being could do this I mean it's
just not the way humans do it it has
this synthesizer steady I mean I'll bet
the wave is absolutely flat down down as
far as you care to look into it it's as
though we don't know what we are it's as
though this is the control panel in the
human animal and you discover you know
the monkey form the third planet from
the Sun all that was a mere fiction and
the reality is this other thing and then
why is it why does it have the character
that it does for instance uh both iasa
and mushrooms approach this place from
different directions but the the DMT and
the psilocybon have this unexpected
science fictiony aspect to them this is
what the art historians left out this is
what you don't get in hild deard Von
Bing and you don't get the
machines the the Deep iridescent highly
polished surfaces that are clearly made
somewhere manufactured
you don't get this Cosmic Viewpoint
where the history of the solar system
and the local history of the Galaxy is
being called upon to validate what is
being said in short why is it so Cosmic
it's different from
iasa iasa is
a heart openening Earth
centered Earth
Tones uh pastel
flowing water organic form fish in the
river mothering canoe animal type thing
it's that even in Hawaii or British
Columbia isn't the Amazon unless the
morphogenetic field is Amplified without
subject to the inverse Square law well
this is really mysterious stuff that
human cultural forms should be scripted
into to plants what exactly is going on
here uh one of the things you can do
with psilocybin and and iasa that's very
puzzling and should be studied is you
can um when you get equilibrium in the
State uh project a
motif let's say U Art
Deco suddenly there will be thousands
and thousands of Art Deco objects water
pictures cigarette lighters automobiles
hood ornaments uh sculpture Grill work
and then you can just instantly you can
say uh Italian Baro and in a single
moment you know you're at the church at
santti maor and seeing all this gold
work and all this stuff and then you can
say surprise me so you know what kind of
a dialogue L is this and what kind of an
entity is this is this part of the
spiritual Quest is this off in its own
uh domain the language of aasa a way in
which iasa and sosyan slice it
differently is uh psilocybon actually
speaks there's an informing voice it
tells you the language of aasa is visual
it shows you you become like the eye of
a of a
camera and after a good iasa trip you
just feel like your eyes are sticking
out of your head I mean it's like going
to Madison Avenue to buy art or
something you've looked at so many
prints and you've just looked and looked
and you've been looking and looking
because that's how it does it and you
know what I said on Friday about the
more perfect logos this thing which is
visually beheld see what we're doing is
