question regarding space colonies is not
is it possible but how will we keep it
in Good Taste and this was a uh a
question that was not answered by
American culture in the 50s it was
essentially a
Suburban uh
uh modular housing modular products
modular value modular lifestyle Paradise
that was sold as uh the consequences of
the completion of the American
dream part of what we have been living
through this period is a
uh a
hallucination of improper
language I mean now because of the
changes going on in the Soviet Union the
fiction of our uh this implacable enemy
bent on putting a tank on every street
corner in the world is now exposed as a
a cultural illusion a fiction and I'm
not entirely persuaded that it is uh uh
was simply all a horrible
misunderstanding it seems to me these
Illusions played very strongly into the
hands of uh of uh different factions uh
on both
sides political
realism is also a coming to grips with
language you know the French sociologist
jacul said uh there are no political
Solutions there are only technological
ones the rest is
propaganda well this you know people
howl to the High Heavens
but uh in fact ideology which is a kind
of street corner form of
metaphysics
ideology has been uh just a pervasive
cancer on the western mind ever since
the burning of elus I mean we just can't
get enough of it and you know we may
look with horror on the funeral of the
imom but uh believe me in the history of
Western Civilization there there have
been scenes go down that make that look
like Child's
Play recall to you just as an example
The albigensian Crusade when in order to
Stamp Out a heresy uh the Inquisition
was turned loose in southern France and
the uh professional killer who was put
in charge of this operation was a uh
career man named Simon mon Fort and his
lieutenants came to him at one point in
this campaign and said uh we have the
city surrounded we are laying Siege to I
believe it was carcasson and they said
but there are 7,000 Catholics within the
walls he said kill everybody God will
recognize his
own so you know the 20th century has no
uh has not cornered the market on
the ways in which language can distort
and is used for political purposes to
distort reality a very poignant example
of that that I've personally had to deal
with
is a lot of my work in the Amazon has
been in an area of the Colombian Amazon
called the lower
putumayo and I Venture very few people
here this afternoon have any associ a to
the lower put mile but in fact uh
British banks with the collusion of
Peruvian ruling families in the early
years of this Century created a mini
Holocaust in the per in the Peruvian it
was then Peru in the Peruvian Amazon uh
in the pursuit of
rubber and what this was about was going
into these tribal areas
and showing these people how to collect
wild Rubber and then telling them you
know you bring in this much the first
time you don't bring in this much we
remove the soles of your feet with a
machete the second time you don't bring
in this much we kill you and 45,000
Indians were exterminated in the
Colombian putu mile going there years
after this
atrocity um uh I I was amazed to see the
lingering effects of the misuse of
language the Colombians who were not
politically associated with this later
in the 30s it was seeded to Peru uh
refer to it as the devil's paradise and
the idea is that
Savages note this word
