Savages are Savage and therefore we must
be more Savage in other words
preliterate culture is taken as an
excuse for uh the rise of the beast in
the
colonizer and this is entirely done how
this trick is done is through the misuse
and abuse of language where
civilization is what is being brought to
these people people even though what
appears to be being brought to them is
uh the institution of
prostitution a social diseases slavery
Madness and death but in fact no that
isn't it it's
civilization it's uh a set of reasonable
values well the consequences of working
out the reasonable values that were
exported into the colonial World
throughout the 18th and 19th centur
Century the consequence of that is the
appalling contradiction presented by
modernity where uh The major portion of
real wealth of great Nations is shoveled
into a standing crop of Weaponry which
had better never be used because if it
is used it spells Armageddon if it's not
used it's simply the worst investment
anybody ever dreamed
up so this kind of uh betrayal of
language and use of scapegoats see
that's what was happening with the
United States Visa the Soviet Union the
scapegoat the Godless communist it's
what was happening in the putu Mayo
between the rubber Barons and the
Indians they were exploiting they
thought they were civilizing them so the
the Imaging of the World gives
permission for various kinds of
relationships to it and people never
question you know once they once they
pledge allegiance to a given linguistic
model of reality then that
absolves all necessity for further
thought this is what GBL understood so
perfectly you repeat and you repeat and
you repeat and then when people ask
themselves in the privacy of their own
mind the moral question your answer is
on the surface waiting to be heard GBL
was the first person to create a a
system where sitting in an office in
Berlin he could throw a switch and speak
to the German people and this this mclan
talked a lot about this the notion of
the creation of the public what is the
public it's something that comes out of
print culture it's post-medieval it's a
phenomenon that can only exist in the
presence of newspapers essentially
that's what gave it its boost and uh the
public is a very different thing from
the Democratic notion of the people
because the public is this body of quote
unquote informed opinion but this
informed opinion is tremendously subject
to whim pressure propaganda and
Distortion I mean I don't know how many
of you have been following because we're
so isolated here but what is going on in
China is right now totally orwellian
people films are being watched in
darkened rooms people
identified dragg located dragged forward
forced to conf recam whatever accounts
they gave of the violence these film
clips are being shown side by side on
the Evening News where uh three weeks
ago we were hearing that the Army would
never attack the Beloved students now
the Army is patriotically rounding up
dissident Hooligans Bandit elements and
those who would destroy the compact
between the party and the people this is
just a shift in language remember the
scene in
1984 where the the party hack is giving
the speech and Midway through the speech
he's handed a telegram on the podium
that tells him that the enemy has
changed it's no longer
Oceania they've made peace with Oceania
and have begun bombing uh Eurasia the
other uh State and in mid stride he
doesn't even have to end a paragra
he can just turn the language and plow
off in another Direction
well is there any cure for this or are
we simply the
