um the opiates well opium was known for
3,000 years before anyone noticed that
it was
addicting the earliest known account of
addiction is in 160 3 William
Playfair so for thousands of years opium
had been used and not been recognized as
addictive now you know you have millions
of people running around thinking that
if they get within several feet of it uh
Satan will sink his claws into them this
is all a grand Silling and uh not that
heroin addiction is not a problem I
don't want to imply that but what I'm
trying to say is the way we see these
things the way we image them is what
gives them their power does that do it
for
you other
comments why uh it that it was big
because it was part of the culture no
because opium really isn't terribly
addictive I mean the only time opium the
only time in history that opium was
turned into a social problem was uh in
the 19
Century yes just to review your history
for you for a moment in the 1840s a
series of international incidents went
on in the Far East that have come to be
called the Opium
War well what was the Opium War
about the British East India Company
which was nothing more than the profit
making arm of British imperialism the
British East India Company had created a
huge
uh uh dist
uh distribution system for tea tea was
grown in salon and they had very
Advanced ships for that time over 200 of
them and they had coal uh they had
facilities uh from Aden and port s and
all of this was maintained at Great
expense for the tea trade well they were
so efficient at producing tea that they
created an economic collapse of tea
around 1840 so the board of directors of
the British India Company got together
and they said we have all these ships
tea is worth nothing uh what are we
going to do and then someone said well
why don't we grow opium in Goa which is
uh in India uh south of Bombay on the
west coast of India why don't we grow
opium in Bombay
and we'll sell it in
China and they said well that's a good
idea what does the Chinese government
think about this so they inquired and
the Chinese government told them to get
lost that they weren't interested in
having raw opium sold at Dockside by
British traders in Chinese cities well
they went back to the foreign office and
the wheels turned and uh gunboat diplom
y was used to force the Chinese to open
their doors to Opium opium had been
known in China for thousands of years as
an
obscure item in the Materia Meda but it
had never been a social Vice from 1840
on tens of thousands of tons of opium at
rock bottom prices were unloaded
produced by
Indian cheap l labor at immense profit
to the East India Company and unloaded
in China so you know we think that
governments this stance of uh being the
keeper of moral values that is affected
by government in the soall drug war is
just another
convenient uh foil because when it suits
government's purpose it uh deals do
certainly you know the cocaine trade
could only exist uh with the connivance
of the Central Intelligence Agency I
mean if you don't believe that you don't
understand how it works out there
because it's just as plain as the nose
on your face I mean where do you get a
half a billion dollars in a hurry if
you've got to outfit a rebel Army and
topple a a uh socialist Democratic
Socialist government somewhere well the
only place you get a half a billion
dollar or 100 million even in a hurry is
you take a flyer on
drugs the co the uh original cocaine
epidemic was practically promoted by the
