media because Coke was thought to be
this rather fashionable little upper it
wasn't until people had been doing it
for five or six years and exhibiting
signs of Madness breakdown and physical
dissolution of the middle of their face
that people began to catch on that it's
not such a good thing and then of course
crack cocaine that was not hatched by
the agency that was just the
perverseness of human Ingenuity that
could take a problem and turn it into a
real problem remember the great heroin
epidemics of the Past after the Vietnam
War well you should look at the police
uh statistics on crack looking at the
statistics as they now stand it's like
there were no drugs before crack crime
levels were so low relative to what they
are now burglaries assaults were so rare
and yet when those events were going on
the great heroin epidemic of the 1970s
and so forth we were asked to believe
you know that Society was being ripped
apart at the scams so it's all very
relative and it's all according to uh to
who it serves
how do you choose a drug is that what
you're saying no my what I would say is
um you know there are three criteria to
consider when you're thinking about
drugs does it have an affinity to
ordinary brain
chemistry in other words drugs you don't
want it to be invasive you don't want it
to insult the brain you don't want to
insult the brain physically with a toxin
well how do you tell well a very good
way to tell is to ask the question how
long does a drug last a drug that lasts
14 hours is clearly more invasive and
more toxic than a drug that lasts two
hours because what this um turnaround
time to get back to the Baseline of
Consciousness is a indicator of is is uh
how much Affinity enzyme systems already
present in the brain have for the
incoming substance and to what degree
they recognize it can Dean animate it
dealate it and turn it into harmless and
excretable byproducts so you want a drug
that is uh that very quickly returns you
to the Baseline of Consciousness and
there should be no hangover no res uum
this is why alcohol is obviously you
know people feel like danced on uh
something or other the next day uh
because this is a systemic poison you
know and so that's the first criteria
how close an affinity to
neurotransmitters and neuro Regulators
does it have uh another consideration is
uh is it synthetic or natural now people
argue with this one because people are
in my humble opinion quite lump about
granting a distinction between the
synthetic and the natural I mean they
just say
well we're natural that's what people
say we're natural so anything that comes
out of the lab that ought to be natural
too well would you Mainline plutonium I
don't think so so uh why I I will I'll
make the argument for natural substances
on two levels one fairly rational which
is uh that a substance that occurs in
plants has been use tested in living
systems for minions and millions of
years it is a constituent of organic
life the proof of that is that it is
present there so that alone argues that
it has a a certain uh
uh
Affinity that that places it above a
synthetic the the more Airy
fairy of my metaphors on this issue is
that I think um I really especially in
this area give great credit to rert
sheldrake and his idea of the
morphogenetic field I really think that
um let's contrast to drugs u a synthetic
drug like ketamine a
pseudohalogen and a indle hogen a true
hallucinogen like
psilocybin well psilocybin has been
taken for thousands and thousands of
years by tens of thousands perhaps
millions of people it has a
morphogenetic field that it and in a way
when you take a drug the drug takes you
