of all other therapies now AA achieves
this but at the cost of closing the mind
you know a a a truly devoted uh graduate
of AA
does not have an open mind on the drug
issue because they have been taught that
opening your mind even a little bit may
lead you back to the bottle well they're
trying to solve a personal dilemma in a
context of neurosis I'm sympathetic to
that but in the meantime the rest of us
have to try to make uh sense of these
extremely complex issues
because the transcendent
which is what we cannot seem to find and
what we are strangling for want of Lies
precisely in the direction of this
forbidden
domain what are we going to do about it
in other words
authentic boundary dissolving internal
Haroon does in fact reliably occur in
the presence of of these plants and
compounds but nobody knows what to do
about it we have become so accustomed to
seeking the answer that even as a
community we have a lot of trouble
figuring out how you just face the
answer how you come to terms with the
options that are actually
available well I've talked about it
today in a slightly more political
context because when you hang hang out
in the B with these State Department
people it's just it's like a virus in
the water I mean you find yourself
raving about triage Saudi uprisings
infrastructures uh there's just no cure
for it um are there
questions yes so the question is about
the sexuality and the relationship of
sex to drugs Tim ly he made a great case
for sex and psychedelics every time they
would say that LSD breaks chromosomes he
would say that it causes orgasms that
last and then he would add a greater
increment of time as the propaganda War
required to uh hold the numbers steady
on both sides uh certainly sex under
psychedelics is quite astonishing
although psychedelics without sex are so
astonishing it's uh it's uh you know
perhaps a a uh an embarrassment of
riches to pile it on the analogy between
sex and psychedelics that I think is the
cachent one and uh
is very few people go through life
without ever brushing up against
sexuality I mean you have to have a
truly bizarre biography for it to never
come and get you uh on the other hand it
is not only possible but minons and
millions of people do go from the Cradle
to the Grave without ever having a
psychedelic
experience well to my mind this is just
uh an instance of an
appalling
infantilism that is culturally
sanctioned I mean the culture not only
doesn't care if you never find out about
this and remain
forever uh ad well immature virgin good
word the society not only does it not
care it's specifically interested in
seeing that you don't have this
experience well it's a it's part of the
birthright this is what religion was for
the first million years before it fell
into the hands of men who insist on
wearing
dresses you know it was the celebration
of an ecstatic reality that could be
coaxed out of a magical relationship
with
nature I mean and it's still there the
portals are still there your
rs232 outlet into hyperspace is still in
place
even though you know nobody's may have
plugged in in your family line since
Aller burned elus nevertheless the hard
wiring is there the
self-recognition uh we are
children without this and not in the
sense of innocent but in the sense of
infantile because this is part of the
birthright how can anyone else how can
anyone else decide for someone else that
access to the transcendental reality
