shall be barred I mean if somebody
somewhere in the world puts a lean on a
religion people are waving their arms
and outrage this is deemed to be one of
the most fundamental kinds of
interference with the Dignity of the
individual well but if your religion
involves the Practical accessing of the
transmundane
through means sanctioned by Millennia of
usage I mean I'm not an advocate for
everything that rolls out of the library
a laboratory I'm an advocate for things
sanctioned by Millennia of usage and to
have a
profane government interpose itself
between you and that reality why it's
ludicrous you just have to read your
thorough to know what you do in that
case and if you don't have time for
thorough I'll tell you you just ignore
it it's a bunch of baloney that's a
completely out ofhand move on the part
of the oppressor Dominator
mentality so sex took me on a trip there
but I hope you like the first part of
the answer yeah we can't all be
Stanley uh you know we can't all be
Alfred Russell Wallace we can't all be
uh born Bor so people opt for
vicarious uh
sensation I don't know where this is
going uh because the Technologies to
carry at a great distance are far
Advanced
I this comes to a very interesting
question which boils down to in its most
press in its most cogent form the
question is man good or what is man
because what we appear to be moving
toward is a technological domain where
we will be able to be whatever we want
to
be and you know it's a litmus test for
what we want to be I mean if you could
be whatever you wanted to be would you
watch Tri xx rated movies every waking
moment how many people would this is the
great fear that the Min ators have about
the drugs their position is if drugs
were legal everybody would be a
junkie a cheerful view of human nature
you know they're saying you know you
want to legalize these things don't you
understand what it would be like well I
I as a user of drugs am insulted by the
implication uh the government has never
been a major factor in in the decisions
I made about my program of ingestion and
I think that uh it's Preposterous to
suggest that the moral rectitude of the
government stands between a dope crazed
population and the object of its fondest
desires I think it's all in
language uh if uh if cocaine C if a gram
of cocaine cost what a tube of airplane
GL BL costs you know you don't see a lot
of gentlemen with neatly trimmed gray
beards driving Porsches with airplane
glue in their fur it just doesn't happen
because it's tacky it's
tasteless
uh drugs are very subject to the images
in language one of the funny things that
goes on in they may have changed now but
the last time I was in the
Amazon in the lowland Amazon they grow
coka but it's not part of the huge
criminal syndicates that grow the
Highland coka which is much stronger so
we go up these Rivers hundreds of miles
up these jungle rivers and uh people are
growing coka and they invite you to chew
Coco with them and the moment that there
is any Rapport established they want to
go on this rap about how this is not a
drug I know you think this is a drug
this is not a drug this is a food this
is making us strong this allows us to
work without this we would be nothing
well what he's saying is you know adopt
my language so that you can see this
reality as we see it and in fact they're
quite right I mean um you can chew coca
for weeks on end and when you leave the
Amazon and fly home it's no no big deal
all this you know the most virent family
of Addicting drugs is always presented I
mean crack has changed it a little but
the classic virulent addicting drugs are
