prisoners each of us in our own way of
people smarter than
ourselves well not really I think
because
uh outside the domain of
language is some kind of domain of
authentic
feeling we have thousands of words for
technological processes widgets and what
have you our vocabulary of feeling
comprises about 10 words uh you know
love hate disgust revulsion
Obsession like that yet in the same way
that we are capable of this very
intensely modulated brain state that
translates itself into small mouth
noises we need to be aware of an
internal Horizon of
self-perception that is extremely rich
and complicated and shifting all the
time now that's who we actually are that
is not the top down values of the
culture culture that we wear like
clothing that's who we are this is what
mlan said when he said we we wear
culture like an Overcoat it's something
sold to us you go out and buy it and you
try it on if Time Magazine doesn't fit
you maybe the economist will if neither
fits well try the Journal of Foreign
Affairs you'll find an Overcoat that
fits and then that will become part of
your culture I saw the cartoon in the
New Yorker last night the well-dressed
man and his wife leaving a party and
he's saying to her how can we relate to
people who belong to the book of the
month
club you know it's h it's these are
strong cultural
disparities so uh to overcome culture
really which I view as a as provisional
and semi toxic
uh there has to be a way back to bedrock
to something that is satisfyingly
Transcendental in an immediate sense in
an immediate sense so it cannot be a
philosophy as far as I'm concerned maybe
philosophies work for the more rarified
Among Us and they have the consolation
of I don't know Episcopalian ISM
Orthodox Judaism logical positivism
whatever trip they've got running but
I've always found philosophy to be
recreational and won't really serve well
so then what is there uh first of all
there is
nature nature silently
attended is
still a
modality that is beyond the reach of the
language of most of us and of those of
us who need it most fortuitously because
we have the smallest vocabulary for its
description so when we go into
nature we uh it's a flirtation with a
kind of
iridescence it's a search
for I mean I blush to use such a word
but a Lost Innocence which most of us
associate with child Hood some of us had
terrible childhood so we just associate
it with the the Lost Paradise of of Eden
or a
Utopia but
uh in
nature there is an implicate
order there is uh the Bedrock out of
which the human iridescent Springs and
human culture is an extremely
evanescent
transitory and uh uh non-equilibrium
kind of condition I mean the the pulse
beat of this planet is measured in
millions of years culture is a
phenomenon of the P of the last 40,000
years and that's
generous so culture is has about it this
miraculous
instantaneous uh uh and almost intrusive
quality against the background of the
rest of the body of nature but going
into nature is not simply a prescription
for joining the Sierra Club what going
into nature means is taking
seriously uh the alchemical faith that
preceded the positivist flowering of
Science and looking into the heart of
matter with the expectation of
encountering a
