mystery now in the most practical sense
what this has to mean is uh the hall the
Psychedelic
experience hallucinogenic plants it
cannot mean anything else now of course
we're in the slightly uncomfortable
position of having that be
illegal but that in itself should uh be
a sufficient indication for most people
that something is going on I mean my
take on legality is essentially that of
uh Charles Dickens who was sort of an
Edwardian Anarchist and and his uh his
famous throwaway line on that was the
law is an
ass and you know it's sadly true in this
case but it's not I'm not really
interested in it as a
as a legal issue I'm interested in it as
a um human rights issue if you want to
put it that way and other words my
assumption is that in the same way that
the Western mind reached a certain place
where it recognized that
slavery whether it made economic sense
or not was morally
insupportable and in the same way then
that a universal right to own property
if you've got the money has been more or
less institutionalized and the
oppression of women is now recognized as
a kind of self-defeating strategy of
male dominance in the same way that
these things have um been
signposts on in the continuing history
of human
self-de so shall be the understanding
that uh life liberty and Pursuit of
Happiness in the age of modern
pharmacology has to mean the right to
control your own State of Mind in the
appropriate you know subject to the
constraints of time place and manner so
forth and so on so that's enough about
the the sociopolitical end of it what is
more interesting is the uh the thing in
itself what it is that it is something
which our cultural biases reaching clear
back to the Phanatic
alphabet and to to the male dominance
the fear that societies run along the
lines of male dominance have of boundary
dissolution I mean for a thousand years
in western civilization the only
boundary dissolution that was socially
sanctioned was getting plastered and
that appears to have been specifically
for the purpose of getting laid I mean
as far as uh research can tell us for a
thousand years nobody got laid who
wasn't stoned drunk because everyone was
such a paragon of social
rectitude well um I mean it's truer than
you think uh alcohol is clearly a medium
for permission in a in a calvinist uh
meu well I could talk about this in all
kinds of different ways it's very
interesting I talked about scapegoats
and I talked about the misuse of
language I suppose since I got that deep
into it I might as well say what I'm
thinking which is that the drug issue
now
looms as an obvious new horror I mean it
has all the trappings of the Communist
under the bed I mean I have not yet
heard crack cocaine referred to as
Godless but any day I think the
connection will be made that this is a
Godless drug the problem here is
um again a problem of language we have
one concept drug it moves from aspirin
to heroin through LSD and on into uh
television these things can all be
spoken of as
drugs so then what this means
immediately if somebody has stacked the
rhetorical deck against a reasonable
discussion of the matter because our
vocabulary is so impoverished I mean are
we to believe that we need the same
policy for television as we need for
heroin are we to believe that uh
psychedelic uh Psychotherapy is to be
treated with the same uh uh hand that
resolves the crack cocaine issue so
while the government squawks educ ation
no education is taking place rather what
is taking place is a poisoning of the
linguistic domain in which we will then
