communication a theory of communication
depends on correct mirroring of the meme
that is being transmitted no matter how
far down the line it has come well uh we
talked earlier we talked in earlier
sessions about the impact of
biogenically active and psychoactive
amines in diet specifically in the diet
of early hominids in Africa suggesting
that the catalysis of neurological
development that has gone on over the
last million years in the human species
was catalyzed by what was at first a
random exposure to these things then a
deepening exposure brought on by the
consequent Synergy of increased visual
accuity in other words some of these
biogenic Ames were conferring increased
visual Acuity and this was Shifting the
reproductive mathematics in the
direction of those
individuals that were allowing this
psychoactive substance I mean let's be
frank about it into the diet then later
we saw that sexual arousal was also a
concomitant to admitting this uh item
into the diet and at higher Doses and
deeper exposures a deepening sense of
what we can call without defining the
other the other I read recently an
interesting paper called uh the felt
presence of the other in unusual
environments and it was an article about
the kind of Hysteria which overtakes
people lost in the
wilderness uh the sense that they are
being stalked or followed or observed
and in its mildest form I'm sure we all
have experienced this it's the sense of
being observed when you know you're
alone in the
wilderness we seem to be you know we
have very strong uh fight or flight hard
wiring in the organism and we also when
we admit when we admitted these
biogenically active am into the diet we
set ourselves up for a kind of undefined
Frontier between ourselves and the other
language flew uh took its place in that
Fisher and began to create the earliest
images of the other but antecedent to
the image is the feeling and that was
the point that I wanted to make that in
all cases antecedent to the image is the
feeling the felt presence of immediate
reality which is the unique
province of the uh of the
individual it is not we choose to
attempt to communicate it but it is
always and forever by the nature of the
situation ours and ours alone
well the idea then that um that
language is
a double-edged
adaptation that has both served us and
betrayed us on different levels needs
now to be looked at in the light of the
fact that culture is more and more
consciously becoming a uh project
carried out out in the domain of
language by for instance
propagandists both governmental and
commercial reality is more and more in
the image and when we talked about
virtual realities and the tendency of
technology to create the dream Utopias
of the unconscious prehistory and
Shamanism you see that what is happening
is we are as as a global culture
abandoning
ourselves in a way to the image because
nothing else can be done there aren't
enough resources there aren't enough
Metals in the planet to give everyone
the kind of standard of living that is
enjoyed by the technocratic Elites in
the west so instead there has to be this
tradeoff in image now this is not
something new we see it reflected in
America life over the whole postwar era
because I don't know if you've noticed
but in order to make good on the grand
promise that was to acrew to the
American middle class consequent upon
the defeat of
fascism this Utopia that was to come to
be uh for it to
happen it was done
tackily that was the price that was
paid you know the Eric Yan said the
