mitochondria which are the powerhouses
of the human cell are these little
enzymatic engines that were originally
free swimming
bacteria that have been through
Evolution incorporated into the Dynamics
of larger structures and embedded there
and now they their energy is all
channeled to the purposes of the cell
and they have their own genetic material
and everything they are clearly relied
organisms embedded in cytoplasmic
material so this principle of of
incorporation of the autonomous element
to enrich the original structure is
pretty well there an instance of that
that I'm interested in is this the
pregnancy of
language in these Amazonian tribes that
are using banister Ops
type
hallucinogens I mean something is trying
to happen this language is just
subvisible and the whole mystery that
haunts the culture is that it isn't
always
subvisible that you know on good
Saturday nights when everything is
clicking they can actually drag out this
stuff from another dimension and uh play
with it and you just wonder you know uh
the beta carbolines are so closely
related to endogenous brain chemistry
and so is the DMT that it's running on I
mean clearly these people are rubbing up
against uh an evolutionary interface
spot a place where human ability human
neuro processing human signal making
functions are bubbling together with the
potential of a sudden perturbation to to
a higher and previously
unanticipated state of order and I think
that it it has something to do with this
projective imagination through
acoustical sound that this idea has
haunted the human mind and certainly the
Western Mind through the tradition of
pythagoreanism and the orphic religions
this tradition of using sound to perform
magic and transcend level
and see into the fabric of uh of Nature
and what's going on in these Amazon
situations where you know the
conventions of modern physics mean
nothing nobody's speaking English nobody
knows about the periodic table or Newton
or any of that they're operating in
another world and what they're doing is
in these states of
intoxication
projecting this phenomenon for which we
don't even have a word I mean telepathy
is a thin notion telepathy is I think
you hear me think that's not what this
is this is that these people can project
whole
scenarios of of uh three-dimensional
phenomena that are part of a group
perception that is not operating under
the will of individuals but that is
somehow the thean V
the the life force of the group itself I
mean we don't have a sociological
vocabulary for this stuff
anthropologists talk about Manas and
magic and you know morphogenetic fields
and this and that in the other hand but
this is reductionism because the the
living fact of this stuff is pretty
astonishing so to change the subject you
mentioned um the
Heretics in your this afternoon that
Syrian sick was it the Mand the Mand and
we talked earlier before coming in also
of the uses of heresy and your passion
for them I wonder if you'd link that to
wey link that to what action to
take well it's always heresy is always
safe uh if you're scripting your life
for the history books you just can't go
wrong as a heretic cuz they're always
Vindicated the trouble is there can be
some rough spots along the way uh a
favorite heretic of mine is jordano
Bruno who some of you may know about who
uh was burned at the stake as the price
of his commitment to heresy Bruno
discovered the Infinity of the universe
that's what he discovered he looked into
the night sky and was the first person
