large scale control functions can be
left to the
collectivity to the marriage between the
unconscious and the cybernetic coral
reef and that what we really want in the
domain of planning is an abandonment of
ideology that ideology is poisonous all
ideology is poisonous and that what we
are I hope tending toward is a kind of
evaporation of
culture evaporation of culture as a
product of
ideology and its
replacement uh with natural
processes in other words that there is
an obvious way to solve certain problems
there because it's manage you know
energy efficient waste efficient so
forth and so on in other words that
pragmatism if looked upon from the point
of view of natural selection or
something like that is a fairly profound
principle so boiling I didn't mean for
this to be so long but what it comes out
as then is where we are most
effective where we are most cleare eyed
in in energy correctly from ourselves to
the world and receiving it back is in
the immediate
domain and that means in the immediate
temporal domain in the immediate
financial domain in the immediate
spatial domain and that when we um
Aspire above that to This Global control
system then it doesn't work because it's
not really our role to function like
that and and by us I mean everybody
because I was amazed to lie in the hot
tubs this week and listen to various
people planning the fates of minions of
people uh discussing you know where the
economic zones in the Soviet Union
should be opened up how the Diplomatic
crisis in China should be resolved I
mean people who just routinely take it
upon themselves to run the world for the
rest of it
there's a deeper level this is a slight
turn on this but there's a deeper level
on this idea to this idea of pragmatism
which I was thinking about because I was
thinking about yesterday's lecture and
how it was so it was a lot of
information and I wondered what other
lectures might be like that that would
be so full of information and then I
thought I reviewed in my mind the
history of art from the point point of
view of
realism you know realism is this funny
thing where people painted on their
bodies and scarified themselves and
painted in styles that have been
rediscovered in the 20th century
impressionism
symbolism uh abstract expressionism we
see all this in the cave paintings in
Africa and in southern France and so
forth and so on but
um once the Greeks got their camp in
order they set off in this funny
Direction which was they wanted marble
to be like flesh they did not want to
symbolize the human form or evoke it or
make an image of it they wanted to find
out what it was by duplicating it
exactly and they were able to do this
and produced you know these things which
I don't if any of you have visited the
museum at the Parthenon or the
Metropolitan in New York City you get it
from this Greek stuff I mean I think
even if you're pretty lumpen you
suddenly understand what art is about
why people pay $1 million for a piece of
marble because what Real Genius is is
you know you have to put out your hand
to satisfy yourself that this is not
real breathing human flesh and these
faces you know have Minds behind them
and when you stand and look in them you
say so this is what the thing about
Greece is all about now I understand
that's some kind of magical thing well
you know elus was this Central Focus for
the mystical intentionality of the Greek
mind this ties in with this thing that
William Blake said about attend the
minute particulars remember we talked
about that about he said this was the
