claimed to be that branch of of original
Christian
intentionality that Drew itself around
John the Baptist they were a baptismal
cult preist but just like 40 years
before and they then in
the in the diaspora they were in Lebanon
for a long time and they eventually made
their way to the swamps of uh Iraq and
Iran and where what their fate there was
I have not heard the last anthropology
was done in the late 30s but these
people mandans
sabians uh have a
mythology and a uh and an ontology of
being that is very suggestive of the
kind of psychedelic conceptions of the
soul and the afterlife that is
characterized by the harine using groups
in the Amazon for instance they have the
notion of of
um the
double the double that one meets at the
end of life that comes to join with the
departing soul and interestingly these
people have uh this very strongly held
notion of a parallel
Dimension but not with a lot of value
judgment on it as to that it is a
superior or inferior plane of reality in
other words it is simply accessible and
different this seems to me to suggest
that there may have been uh paman harala
use all across the
Anatolian uh plateau and the Persian
plane this is where this plant is still
used in Mandan ceremonies and in
preparing the the H in in the uh parsy
sacrifice and that's a very old religion
that is proro asrian so you know the
central motif of Iranian religion is
undifferentiated light this is what it's
all about in the Tibetan Pantheon it is
Manifest as uh amitaba which is
boundless light up uh is light up is
boundless light and this Iranian
hypostatization of God moved out in all
directions it infected uh mandanis
Mandan communities in Central Asia in
Samaran and koton and it was uh you know
a major focus of the of the uh
helenistic
mystical thing especially in uh in
certain uh Cults well that's enough
about Soma this is all unresolved now
you see because of flattery's book
because it was accepted that s was Amon
muscaria simply on the weight of
wason's reputation and public relations
skill really but but uh the fact that
nobody could ever get high from it just
was an insurmountable barrier to the
theory so now there's this other idea
going
around know LSD comes after all this and
there's something quite different does
can you say anything about that at all
you mean in its modern
manifestation well um I talked yesterday
about these naturally occurring forms of
Urgot
hallucinogens
uh LSD was invented by Albert Hoff man a
Swiss pharmaceutical chemist he was
trying to invent
drugs like pin drugs which induce labor
because the these ergonine compounds are
extremely efficient smooth muscle
contractors so they were exploring the
possibility of a of a drug patent on a
compound that would induce labor and he
discovered um and I won't retell the
story cuz I'm sure you all know it it's
enshrined in the annals of psychedelic
mythology but of the famous bicycle ride
through the streets of Basel where he
slowly dawned on him but something
strange was going on um but it was put
away this was in
37 it was put away on the Shelf
basically until
43 then the Swiss began looking at it
very quietly it didn't begin to surface
in the journals until
4748 and by
68 it was highly illegal and highly um
you know there's a lot of pressure on it
so really it only enjoyed 20 years uh as
a legal OB as a legitimate object of
scientific research so not enough
