stiger stopped by the table to shake
hands with everybody I mean at so so
immediately thereafter that I was
horrified that he had heard me make this
reference to him well so I was just you
know and Ralph who was sitting across
the table and saw this whole thing go on
leaned across the table and said you see
the mushroom is showing you that it can
touch you anytime any place in ways that
you could never
imagine
That's all
folks well yesterday I talked for two
hours un interruptedly so I'm hopeful
that uh there will be a
sufficient response to that that we can
have some discussion about it today at
the time when it's psychoactive and that
was the time of their
rituals yeah um I would bet that what he
was intending to indicate by his
description of it as a Vine that grows
close to the ground was a what's called
sacema or
edra both of these uh you know the
closest thing to what I'm talking about
is this native plant called Mormon tea
in California do any of you know it with
the it has a kind of odd habit of growth
long and
unbranching uh stems
this is one of the things that is always
s suggested especially in the cashmir
shite tradition as being uh the Som
Source yeah yeah and and it is a Som
substitute in the reenactment of the
viic
ceremonies really it's pretty
unsatisfying to Grapple with the Soma
problem because if
you're true to the evidence that it's
hard to make it fit anything very well
this book I mentioned yesterday when I
did the survey called hauma and
harmaline by
flattery um convinced me that I had been
too quick to to assume that paman harala
alone couldn't be a reliable hogen I
never understood why um Nano's patience
in his book The Healing Journey reported
iasa like Visions when he didn't in fact
give them iasa but he gave them
harmaline now I understand that what I
was in the dark about before was the
fact that harming is not strongly
hallucinogenic and that that's what's in
banisteriopsis copy activating
DMT but not contributing to the
hallucinogenic activity really so it's
entirely possible that uh uh Som was
paman Hara if this is true it will be a
great and it will inspire great smugness
in certain quarters because when you
check back through the Soma
controversy the very earliest suggestion
by a western scholar was some a French
character in
1701 who said it is the giant Syrian Ru
which so it well may seem to be the the
thing that is so peculiar about amonita
muscaria is that the active principle
passes out in your urine so that that
you can drink the urine a second time
and obtain the intoxication well this is
a pretty
extreme aspect to a right so you would
expect that if this right were being
practiced by thousands of people and
generating an entire literature that
this would be explicitly somewhere
referred to in some way and in fact it's
impossible to torment the text of the
vade is to yield a convincing passage
where uh urine and C are explicitly
connected to Som it just isn't there
what flattery did was he worked from
this uh a veston Zend a veston material
material generated by the religion of
zoroaster that is actually anti dates
this vadic material and says that all
this talk of the pressings and the
filters and all that only makes sense if
paman harala is what is being used and
so it may in fact be some of you have
heard me talk about
mandanis which is this
fascinating very old cult in the Middle
East they say and said different things
in their paragr through time but they
