was found out about it it was all
uh the astonishing thing about LSD is
that it's active in such small amounts
you know that we talked about this
yesterday that one gamma is a millionth
of a gram and and what a little bit this
is when
you're accustomed to measuring drugs in
milligrams you know of
one millgram is a thousand gamma well
very few drugs are active even at the
one mgram level uh most drugs are active
at the 5 to 15 some at hundreds of
milligrams so what and and this spurred
great hope and great
um Imagination in terms of experimental
strategies because people said what this
appears to be is a it it affects the
Mind very strongly in these tiny amounts
so it appears that this is a doorway
into understanding
neurochemistry and the what we have here
is a either a synthetic
neurotransmitter or then there was the
bad guy Theory which was that this was
the so-called
psychotomimetic this was the idea that
this metabolism of schizophrenics would
be found to differ significantly from
that of normals and that the culprit
would be found to be excess production
of an LSD like uh compound well this was
a this is a reasonable hypothesis and
money was spent on it but it never came
to much
um the data did not support anybody's
model of what was happening DMT because
it is so spectacularly hallucinogenic
and so rapidly uh returns you to the
Baseline of Consciousness was early
looked at as a Poss as the possible
schizogeny and they do when they are
institutionalized for
schizophrenia and you and some
schizophrenics have more than normal
some normals have more than
schizophrenics no conclusion can be
drawn there appears to be no correlation
between the presence of DMT and
schizophrenia well while this kind of
research was going on LSD was breaking
out of the laboratory and creating a
social
phenomenon that you know for good or ill
wafts its gentle waves against this
Shore to this day and hour the thing
about LSD that made it unique in that
situation is that uh
because you can theoretically get so
many doses from a gram it becomes a tool
a political tool because you a single
chemist can produce 10 million hits well
this is not some guy getting rich this
is about changing history when you're
talking about 10 million uh cont
Consciousness expanding experiences 10
million there were only a million
students in Tiana Min square and one guy
could make 10 million hits in a 72-hour
run and there were dozens of these guys
with different ethics and different
levels of sophistication and dedication
so it was like a a situation where um
social
enzymes
pheromones signaling change in the hive
structure were just
overproduced and of course there was a
recidivist reaction to that and that um
that killed the goose as far as
psychedelic research was
concerned when talking about these
indels the thing that is important to
notice that is not very often stressed
is that uh
the window of opportunity for research
was so
short I mean LSD was surfaced in the
journals in
48 by 68 it was illegal worldwide DMT
was discovered in 56 in Czechoslovakia
by 68 it was illegal worldwide ebo gain
was never studied at all and was made
illegal in 1968 I mean it never was
studied by by modern pharmacology the
last people who looked at it were in the
1920s um the LSD history we just covered
psilocybin discovered in 53 illegal by
68 so forth and so on so to pretend you
know that we fully explored psychedelics
