is like pretending that we fully
explored the Moon it is in fact a fairly
apt metaphor since the curve of
exploratory energy in these two
Dimensions followed each other fairly
closely and nobody's been back to the
Moon in a while and it would take 15
years if a decision a Command Decision
were made today and let's hope that some
kind of coming to grips with this
psychedelic option is not uh is not so
hard to reach it doesn't require the
technological retooling but it requires
ideological retooling to be able to face
it again that's the the thing it's
created a social Revolution hasn't it in
a very short period of time yes well um
it was if my notion that we should view
these things as uh catalysts of
memes catalysts of language expansion
then though there have been sham s
throughout human history using halogens
there's never been a situation where
hundreds of millions of people over a
decade open themselves up to that no it
really put the
spin on uh the situation we're still
reeling from it I don't know if you've
been here when we've looked at any of
these Maps but it clearly shows that
that's when the Great change came that
there was the this recidivist upward
moving curve of um
conservative uh
tendencies that precisely
mirrored uh the
Myan uh breakup of Manan late Manan
culture happening through the late
1960s that that's where the cultural
Cascade of effects began that we are
reacting to in the same way that the
classical world had to react to
helenismo congratulating themselves for
getting the lid back on that one because
uh you know those of us who were there
could not imagine that you could get the
lid back on it it was a
sobering a sobering lesson for those of
us who have faith in the power of ideas
because it's just like this thing in
China you know millions of people can
March and
great clarity can be forged in struggle
but you know when they come with the
machine guns The Taste for politics
turns bitter and they always do come
with machine guns this is the thing that
we seem to have to learn over and over
again about uh the the the the hand that
governs but again the thing is you see
one of the ways of modeling the
Psychedelic experience is to see it
as that it dissolves conventional wisdom
it dissolves uh adherence to group
values it because it dissolves all
structure because it dissolves syntax it
shows the provisional nature of syntax
well how are you going to hold on to an
ideology when you know the Assembly
Language upon which the convention of
ideology depends is dissolving before
your eyes so uh and I think that that
was very scary uh that kind of
accelerated change what I would hope is
that we could turn
psychology toward looking at these
things it and and present it as uh an
enhancement of
creativity try and look at Consciousness
as a resource for want of which we are
going mad because we clearly have the
technological might the computer power
the managerial skill etc etc to
straighten out the mess we're in but
what we don't have is the will you know
we are just in the will Department a
bunch of cannibals and can't seem to get
hold of those levers and do anything
about it well I think it's because of
this uh Mala or this shift in psychic
dominance that has been allowed to go on
throughout the whole course of
judeo-christian
civilization that has
suppressed experiential access to the SA
sacred and in the absence of this
experiential access to the sacred then
you get
ideology and Doctrine and dogma and
pontification and uh you know do or die
