they imagine would be reassuring to
human
beings and I've stuck with this model
for many many years the model of the
play pen and the the elf machine self-
transforming elf machine entities were
like toys they were like attention
grabbing uh colorful teaching devices to
engage the attention of the human being
that has just come across well strange
to say the other night I was thinking
about all of this and a little piece was
added and I'll try it out on you I Tred
it out on somebody who's quite
sophisticated about DMT and they said
that's absolutely wrong that is not what
it is but
undaunted uh I'll try it out on
you as you go into the DMT State there
is this question about the intent of
these machine nails they're funny
they're
zany but you know how the three stoes
cartoons operate where there's a lot of
finger in the eye and mallet on the head
stuff so in this DMT place there is this
mad zaniness this sense of a Bugs Bunny
cartoon run a muuk kind of thing and um
Everybody people who've had this
experience say well you can't trust
these little guys or you have to be on
your toes these are magical entities
these are not love bunnies they're
little you know
gnome tending toward demon and you don't
know where to draw the line so thinking
about this the other night I tried to
construct emotionally for myself a
picture of a human
situation that would give me the same
feeling about what was going on as I
have when I deal with the entities in
the DMT thing and it came to me
instantly what it was and what the
missing Ambiance of it is that I've
never included in a
lecture what's going on I'm
sure is that uh the aura of these little
guys is that they're
sharp they're sharp they're funny
they're zany but they're
sharp and uh I think what they are is
they're
Traders and the whole funny emotion that
invades the DMT exchange has to do with
the possibility of getting
screwed not getting killed not being
driven mad but being taken
being taken quite literally and these
toys which they offer are trade
goods in effect and what they are saying
in that place is what have you got what
have you got look at this look at this
what did you bring what do you have to
trade well the opening lasts only a few
minutes and as the dialogue is getting
started the dimension closes upon itself
but this is uh uh I think the the Lost
piece of the puzzle uh this realization
about the trader cast a funny light on a
on a incident which I will tell and that
will be it for
today it's an example about
communication from other dimensions and
how it works it's a story that I've told
before but I still get a kick out of it
um I was in Los
Angeles uh having dinner at a
a not terribly fancy restaurant but a
neighborhood restaurant in Malibu with a
bunch of people among them my friend
Ralph Abraham and also among them a
woman a French uh movie producer and we
had been earlier at someone's house
talking about psychedelics and mushrooms
and what I did and what my wrap was and
so we were seated at this big table
about 10 of us and this woman was at my
elbow and she said you say that Z
mushroom speaks but I do not understand
this speak what does it mean and I said
well the mushroom has many
personalities sometimes it uh has a very
it it sort of presents itself like a
pond broker I said you know that role
that Rod stiger played in the movie of
that name that erasable kind of
personality is a personality of the
mushroom and she said oh and at that
precise moment
