libertinism and eating and drinking
anything you want and any kind of so
this was the Spectrum and this was of
course Very baffling to Christian
morality uh but Christianity has an
incredible debt to
gnosticism I mean the Gospel of John and
Revelations uh I mean this whole bit in
the beginning was the word this notion
of the going forth of the word this is
Thoroughly Gnostic and the the struggle
between light and darkness you know the
light shines in the darkness and the
Darkness comprehend it not this is the
this is essentially the the manakan
thing which is a form of gnosticism
manism is a a dualistic Persian religion
that had great sway in Persia through
this slightly later phase
manai was its Prophet Mani was a Mandan
his father was a priest in the Mandan
Faith well why talk about this so
much well I don't know um permission for
heresy is never a bad idea and I think
this is an important issue which is not
resolved I mean we are all love bunnies
of one sort or another but what do you
do about this thing are we of the earth
is it our charge and our Destiny or are
we from another place how can you can't
have it both ways this is a pretty uh
clear division what are we to be are we
to integrate with nature or are we to
transcend it through an act of
conjuration out of the self which is
what culture is I mean apparently we
have made the choice and all we're doing
now is the philosophical dotting of the
eyes our commitment to technology is
Thoroughly Gnostic our commitment to
um we believe that nature is something
that withholds secrets from us uh that
we must rest the secrets of nature from
it in order to somehow complete
ourselves and uh you know modern
gnosticism plays all this down modern
gnosticism is existential and
capitalizes more on the idea of
Abandonment they're less interested in
the program for returning to the higher
and hidden all father and much more
interested in talking about how we are
abandoned by the all father and
therefore what a drag it is and what can
we do about it so that people like
haiger are thoroughly Gnostic in their
thinking I mean anybody who is not
because you see what gnosticism denied
was the presence of God in the world
need to understand that that it was an
article of faith of
gnostics that this is really a long way
from God that we are really off way way
out over away from
and Christianity preserves this dualism
in the eternality of evil in the idea
that you know there isn't a final a
Final Fusion they preserve the
distinction down to the last nail of
recorded time so that's a thoroughgoing
dualism but my approach to this kind of
thing is basically yungan I mean that's
where I got my interest in all of this
material see I think that what we are
always seeing is psyche that we're
always seeing uh a mirroring of the
intentionality of ourselves to
concretize Consciousness to put a name
on it and so I call my I have called
myself at times a noetic
archaeologist what I like to do is go
and dig up not pot Shar cards and glass
beads but ideas old old ideas that have
been under the dirt a long long time and
this is what I essentially did here with
the iching and gnosticism is another
Boneyard and Alchemy is another bone
yard and the Maya are another bone yard
and ancient Hawaii is another and I love
to go into these things and draw
conclusions you know it's all very
pregnant with intention toward the the
person who comes to it with an open mind
I mean everything wants to speak
everything wants to guide us I haven't
talked much about it but I always think
there are so many ways in which it's
true that it would have been so much
different if alus Huxley had guided
things uh through the turmoil of the
