in Europe to say those aren't adamantine
shells of
artian Crystal crystallin spheric
material those are stars those are Suns
like our son and they must go on forever
it opened before him and he was burned
at the stake the period that is so rich
in heresy and has been a great
inspiration for me is the helenistic
syncretism that uh follows upon the
Classical period in Greece and the rise
of Roman uh Power and uh at the same
time ferment in the Jewish end of the
Mediterranean to create and all kinds of
things were happening actually there
were
gymnosophists coming from India teaching
yoga in the 2 Century BC in Rome and
there were you know Egyptian followers
of tho and Isis and there were doans and
monists and uh uh followers of Simon the
Magician and these were there a vast
spectrum of Cults ranging from Orthodox
Jewish Cults such as the
nabateans and the zealots and presumably
the mandans that I mentioned earlier uh
and then there were uh Jewish mysticism
infected with platonic ideas uh Pho
Judas appal odorus MOS all these minor
philosophers were teaching there were
pythagoreans there were
atomists uh and the most interesting of
these were Proto Christian Neo Christian
pseudo-christian crypto Christian sects
that were competing with what eventually
became Christianity some of you may know
of this sect uh that lived that did some
of the dead Dead Sea Scrolls the
nabateans who lived outside of Jerusalem
and down in the Dead Sea these were the
people that James Pike was investigating
when he died in the
give uh a few years ago well actually
over many years there has been was a
very important manuscript find in 1948
at a place called uh a Greek Orthodox
Monastery called Choson in Upper Egypt
that was on a much older site called nag
hamadi and out of the ground at nag
hamadi came
43
codices that
were uh by groups of Scholars
coordinated
worldwide uh translated through the 50s
and 60s and 70s this is all now
available as the nag hamadi library and
it's very very interesting stuff because
this stuff went into the ground ad
270 so the later Bishops the patristic
recensions uh the diddlers and Fiddlers
and all of that were kept away from it
nobody had seen this stuff since ad. 280
so uh it was very very interesting of
the of the 53 texts 41 were unknown in
any other version of those that were
known there were there was some of the
late Plato there were gos there was
portions of Matthew but uh what was
interesting were these previous ly
unknown texts some of which were very
close to
gospel type material a Gospel According
to Phillip the second known version of
the Gospel of Phillip a Gospel According
to Thomas the
doubter my favorite guy and but more
interesting is the less pseudo-christian
material this exotical and mystical
material that just takes off that is
Proto
hermatic some of it shows traces of
Indian philosophies transmigration of
souls yogic practices uh some of it
reads almost like Maria sabina's
mushroom chants uh there's one text
called uh the voice of the Thunder that
has a meter and a rhythm that is
precisely Maria Sabina so gnosticism
is the general Banner under which all of
this stuff can be placed gnostics
believe the central tenant of gnosticism
and it's hard to put this across because
modern gnostics are such cheerful people
but they they've forgotten their their
real Roots the the central perception of
gnosticism no matter how you slice it is
that we don't belong
here that we are strangers
that something terrible happened and
