songs is because you're loaded well
how um loaded do you have to be to see
the songs would be a good question for
researchers to ask maybe you don't have
to be overtly stoned at all Maybe you
could be have a sub threshold amount of
harmine in your system and when they
started singing lo and behold here it
would appear is it not possible
theoretically possible at any rate that
once this has happened in your system
whatever this has gone through
physiologically and whatever other way
that the path is there that there would
be a way to learn that thing that you
could do it on Thursday morning
the isn't that what your brother was
trying to do
with see there there is something going
on here because um in the pineal gland
harine is
produced so the and DMT is produced in
the brain too so the chemical
prerequisites for the brain state are
there I think the first meeting we held
I talked about the fact that people who
have smoked
DMT then report months years later
dreams in which they smoke DMT and it
happens in the dream okay this is a
major piece of evidence this means it
can happen that it's not chemically
exogenous but then the question is how
the hell do you get to the same place as
you are in a dream when someone passes
you the glass pipe
but the very fact that it can happen and
and so then U so it lies very close to
the level to the to u to the level of
Consciousness you see and that these
people who've been in the Amazon all
these 20,000 years that we've been
calling primitive while we've been
inventing technology and doing all this
other stuff what they've been doing is
every Saturday night exposing themselves
to a linguistic Catalyst well so we
think well maybe maybe they have a
really far out language no they don't
have a really far out language they have
an entirely atically transformed
linguistic ability that we don't even
have a suspicion of that is learnable
and I don't know because they put so
much stress on this diet it's very clear
that they are diddling toward something
they have a goal that they're trying to
maximize there is something there that
they want get and when you meet many
Iowa Scarrow and take it with many of
these guys the guys who make the good
stuff are all alike they have this weird
Aura they have a voice thing that is
hard to describe but you know the
concept of voice in Dune where there was
a way to just drop down and register and
speak in a way that people could not
resist because you set the vibe in this
certain way these Iowa scaros have this
and they have uh
uh yes it's something so outside our
cultural value system that we can hardly
realize what we're doing with because
how many of us would go there and then
how many of us would go there and go
deep enough and then take the drug with
these people and then be enough free of
your own stuff to pay attention to what
they were putting out and then to keep
it enough together to create a
description that you could bring back
later so you know it's just the world is
not empty of the new and the novel these
Frontiers this is how I ended the
lecture yesterday there are just
Frontiers and Frontiers and Frontiers in
chemistry and anthropology and
ethnography uh and some of it we're
actually talking about you know the
transformation of the human form and not
through technology but in a cleaner
biologically
uh a way which celebrates natural
process and celebrates the Vitality of
the minded portion of the planet it's an
Attunement not this Gnostic thing which
I evoked for you which is you know
people used to say of my
grandfather uh where he'd been was so so
where he was was hell and where he was
