the Australian style of relating to the
dream
time but if we continue Contin to
develop our technology the way we do uh
you know we have our own dream time it's
watching
television and it's probably going to
deepen I mean I I think that our
appetite for
sensation and entertainment is driving
that industry to develop itself almost
more rapidly than any other and uh
because it's all Mythic what's on
television television is not reality
television is is the cultural myth about
reality this is where the archetypes in
the American unconscious are to be met
you know tough cops and jiggle B blondes
and all these people that are in our
cultural Mass programming are running
around in there oh it's terrible it's
just that we have such a ay set of
images it could be epical imagine if we
were 19th century Germans television
would be like
Vagner you just did it I wanted you to
switch and do a similar kind of historic
U analysis that you did for gnosticism
and for art on music and so
overview well I don't really I don't
claim to know a lot about music I V
represent well Vagner comes late
uh late what I would say about the I
mean I think music is very important we
said in here on a different day that
uh architecture was Frozen music and
therefore music must be unfrozen
architecture and what did you mean what
could you say about that um there this
Pythagorean thing
this very old thing this discovery of
these apparently natural relationships
that are very mysterious between the the
plucked strings so that if you stretch
gut between bone antlers and you pluck
certain strings other strings in a
preceived to be natural relationship
called an octave will also vibrate in
harmony this is the key concept here
Harmony people saw this and Pythagoras
or you know apoc apocryphally what
Pythagoras did was he filled glass tubes
with water and when he had two glass
tubes tuned so that they were in octave
apart it was observed that the amount of
water in them could be expressed as a
mathematical
ratio well this touches on a very
mysterious aspect of things that nobody
quite understands and you don't even
hear people talk about it because it's
so problematic and that is this why does
mathematics have something to do with
nature why does mathematics have
anything to do with nature think about
what mathematics is mathematics is the
operations you can perform on numbers
well nature is you don't see numbers and
yet this has been the fundamental
Insight of the western mind that has
allowed M Miracle after demonic Miracle
to be conjured out of nature the
discovery of the curious
parallelism between nature and
operations performed on numbers well it
comes out of this Pythagorean religious
mentality which observed you know these
ratios and related them to the sounds
and said well then there can be a
mathematical theory of music and then
they observed they observed regularity
and other phenomena the Stars had long
been observed to be regular well so then
they began to think in terms of regular
perfect things versus irregular mundane
things and in this climate platonism was
able to come into being and
platonism makes an absolute division you
know between the world of archetypal
perfect things and then the lower slice
of reality music was carrying all of
this along and uh if you're interested
in uh ancient music and uh and uh its
impact on Ancient philosophy these books
by
mlan the myth of
invariance is one of them it's a study
of mathematics in Plato and the Rick V
and it's all musical
mathematics they were studying
