proportion
Harmony relationship now notice
that in this situation where the string
is plucked and the the other strings in
octaves above and below vibrate this is
a very cogent demonstration of action at
a
distance something which uh is very
troubling even in modern conceptions but
it's a very cogent demonstration of
action at a distance it shows that there
need not be
a connecting medium for force and
activity to be transmitted across space
in other words it is an argument for
magic for uh
etheric uh
influences and this sort of thing and so
then the theory quickly grew that
obviously then the way to influence
these things was through music through
sound and theories of tone
grew up and the Seven
planetary uh bodies that were familiar
to the astrologers were connected to
seven tones and then a correspondence
was recognized between seven mels and a
map of the world was slowly constructed
that had music at its uh ultimate basis
there's a wonderful
book that deals in part with all of this
that some of you may know called
Hamlet's Mill Hamlet's Mill is the story
of uh this very old myth that occurs all
over the world about how somebody has a
mill a little grinder and somebody else
steals it and then the thief rows across
a body of water with the mill in a boat
and the mill sinks the boat and the mill
is grinding out salt and this is in one
version the explanation for why the
ocean is salty it's because uh off the
coast of Norway in that place called The
melstrom that is the mill and down at
the bottom it is grinding out salt and
um gorgio dananana who wrote This Book
Hamlet's Mill with Hilda Von and uh
talked about it as a myth of a movement
of the Stellar
Machinery that stars which were near the
pole moved beneath the surface of the
Sea and the mill was lost and a whole
world age was thrown uh into confusion
and a lot of the uh discussion of this
hinges on uh looking at rig vadic and
platonic musical Theory the these AA
songs in the Amazon are visually
intended they are to be seen not to be
heard I mean the people uh criticize
them that way they critique them that
way uh voice is primarily a vehicle
imagined to affect color vision and uh
you know if we could see what we
meant the ambiguity would leave our
intention to communicate with each other
this would be a kind of telepathy the
seeing of meaning well when you think
about what meaning
is there's no reason why it should be
processed through
hearing it's not particular it has
nothing particularly to do with hearing
meaning is a much Fuller and richer
signal than hearing why shouldn't it be
conveyed visually all when I look at
this room I'm not listening to it I'm
looking at it you know and the meaning
of what is going on comes to me through
my eyes this is how the meaning of the
world presents itself we don't listen to
the world but we listen to speech for
its meaning and this closes us toward
many things and pushes us uh in a
certain direction we don't have any
medium that we can physically produce
you know other than our electronic
medium that we can easily produce a
visual image to share
print we we read but you mean
conversationally and instantaneously
right like like you can with speech well
yeah this is where you have to take
drugs to push the argument further
because what you have to hypothesize is
uh that it might be possible to generate
an acoustical hologram your voice or
something like that in other words what
when you're when you take
iasa with these people in the jungle and
you see the songs the reason you see the
