that accounts for why we're here that we
were destined for a much better deal and
something went terribly terribly wrong
it takes different forms as some Gnostic
mythologies are fairly straightforward
some are fairly Baroque the one that I
enjoy is one of the more Baroque ones
the second century agnostic Bishop
valentinus had this notion that there
were 36
archons they are demons of progressively
lessening power that interpose
themselves between
man and
uh a true vision of
God and the last of the archons the 36th
AR con was
Sophia uh and the only of the archons
that was female there's a tremendous
sexual ambivalence in gnosticism which
we can talk about which is resolved in
different ways but anyway the 36th
archon is Sophia she looked upward
toward the higher God and saw him bring
forth creation of which she was the
final manifestation and in her heart an
avarice grew a wish to create in the
same manner as the highest and hidden
all father and she brought forth um it's
described as an
abortion she self fertilized herself she
did not understand the requisites of
creation and she turned inward into
herself and she brought forth a
monstrosity and this monstrosity is the
god of the Old Testament yahwah
Jehovah and when she saw what she had
done that she had brought forth this
monstrosity she flashed through a whole
bunch of emotions very quickly horror
guilt rage fear Agony like that and
these emotions of the errant Sophia
condemn
as the material
world over which uath was then made
Lord so the entire material universe is
seen as the condensed emotional debris
of the horror of the 36th archon upon
witnessing her own creation who is then
made God over this universe well even
though this is this really bad scene
it still nevertheless has this extremely
tenuous connection to the highest and
hidden all father in the form of what is
called the cintilla the spark the sole
spark of divinity so then the goal of
gnostics born into this unfortunate
world is to gather the light together to
save the light the light is
defiled by its presence in the world of
material existence and the light must be
gathered well so then the central
soteriological uh concern that means the
central salvational concern of
gnosticism is how shall We Gather the
light and their whole theology then is
what is the light how should we gather
it and once we have it what do we do
with it and then there were various
answers I mentioned the sexual tension
inside gnosticism it took two
forms both wild Extremes in one case
Gnostic hermeneutics reasoned along the
following
lines life is defiled the light is
defiled by the material Universe
therefore we should withhold entry of
the light into matter therefore we must
be
celibate we must have no children and in
some cases this took the form of saying
and we sanction no form of sexual Union
which could lead to
procreation so they were kinky in that
style the other direction that they took
was extreme
celibacy just simply no sexual contact
whatsoever and then um the third
option and these options had differing
percentages of loyalty as Roman society
underwent exterior
Transformations the third Gnostic stance
was man is
divine we are of the light and nothing
in the universe of uath can pollute the
light for it is of a higher order and
therefore we can do anything we
want yes so so you could be a gnostic
and line up up for scourges and heavy
dieting or you could line up for total
