going was Paradise and he lived his
whole life that way well that's a
gnostic attitude you know Paradise is
just ahead uh I think that paradise is a
frontier of language of
intentional
communication the reason for looking at
all these things for looking at the
hallucinogens and the Alchemy and the
mythology and all this is because these
are the materials present at hand for an
assault on the Citadel of true being you
know somewhere here there is a clue
somewhere here there is something that
we can use it's going to be an obscure
sect A peculiar Mantra a strange drug a
bizarre plant a forgotten teaching a
lost alphabet at something that we can
use so that you know I've talked about
the the tantric nature of the point of
view that I'm putting out tantric in the
sense of the definition of Tantra as the
short path taking seriously the idea
that in a single lifetime a human being
might be able to go vast distances in
the project je of spiritual unfolding
that you know we are not uh given or
fated to uh simply incrementally Advance
ourselves it is some kind of a lottery I
mean there are big Winners and I'm just
very convinced that the way you enhance
your position in the probability of all
of this is through cognition it will be
an act of understanding the Final Act of
liberation ation will be an act of
understanding okay well that's it for
today
folks this belief that the world is
entirely independent of our minds and
objective and unaware of us is the kind
of science uh scientific fiction in
which we operate and then the real truth
that appears to our perceptions the
truth of our immediate experience is
that that the the mind is a concentric
field of diminishing intensity that can
draw events and circumstances far from
the ranges of
probability uh I mean I have had once I
had the following experience it's all
anecdotal you see I was in a dry wash in
the neev
desert uh and there was absolutely no
food and I was a poor traveling hippie a
hashashin and a cave dweller and a ner
dwell and it was like 120Â° outside my
cave and I was sitting in front of my
cave um smoking hash and out through the
shimmering heat I could see this dot of
a
person and I I watched them making their
way through the rocks and the
scrub uh I began to have a fantasy about
this person that they had
food that they didn't simply have food
that that they had Oysters Rockefeller
packed in ice that they had Russian
caviar that they had Belgian chocolate
that they had all of this stuff and you
know I hadn't had a bath in 3 weeks
there was barely any water in this place
and this Speck made its way toward me
getting larger and larger and finally it
turned into this guy I barely knew a
fellow lost soul this was in southern
Israel 25 years ago and he said and he
came up to me and he
said I have Oysters packed in
ice I have Belgian chocolate I have and
he had uh gotten a job dishwashing that
morning at the King David hotel and had
just quit in disgust halfway through the
day and had raided this super fancy
fourstar hotel and just had a backpack
full of this stuff
and I didn't even bother to tell him
what am I going to say you know I mean
sure of
[Laughter]
course so these kinds of things
uh and they're very private you see
nothing happens there except that a guy
quits his job and rips off a hotel
except that it is coincident with an
internal State a private musing of
somebody else and when the two things
come together The Coincidence of it is
absolutely
excruciating uh cat had a an experience
she's not here to tell it uh but uh she
