1960s Alis Ley was uh you know a British
intellectual a novelist a social critic
but uh even before he wrote the doors of
perception he wrote a book called uh or
an essay called The Art of
seeing and uh you know this was gospel
as far as my mother was concerned I mean
my mother was an extraordinary woman I
don't know how she had the intuition to
be into the things that she was into to
but it's this thing about
seeing and this goes back to what I was
saying about realism training the eye
what these Renaissance people and these
Greek people were doing with the
recessional distances and the nudes was
they were really looking they were
really seeing they were not
painting
stories that they were telling in their
minds but they were actually paying
attention ition to texture and Shadow
and light and this learning to see
taught very early is a tremendous
inoculation against cultural viruses
value viruses and linguistic viruses
because uh and you don't see if you grow
up with television you know television
is something that you look at it's like
uh it has this flat
quality it is undemanding everything has
been stripped of depth before it ever
reaches you even to be offered for your
for your
perception what do you think about the
more
cuis once you know kaso brought in
cubism and changed the entire direction
of art away from real and into a
different view of seeing things you know
from many
facets broken down into other you know
in a sense from other
dimensions well I'm surprised at my
stirring defense of realism because I'm
much more sympathetic to my interest in
art history was always 20th century art
and what I loved was the upheaval and
the screw you attitude I mean I was
thinking today as I thought about this
lecture about
myself as a 13-year-old kid and who were
my heroes you know it wasn't baseball
players and it wasn't even astronauts it
was Jackson poock and you know that's
what I wanted to be I wanted to be a kid
from Wyoming who went to New York and
drank hard in bars and produced
paintings that 99% of everybody hated
and that I would insist were in fact
works of Staggering Genius and I would
Triumph and this would and it was this
whole thing I mean I was living in a
small town in western Colorado you have
to understand I mean the notion of a man
hurling paint at a canvas it just
outraged the inner Amish of the place
where I was living uh no I think all of
this stuff is is uh very important and
that art I I didn't mean to suggest a
value judgment in favor of realism over
other Artistic Styles because I think by
the
time the 20th century came around uh
realism had grown self-defeating that it
was something which had to be Pride
loose and
perfected and for me I think it it's
probably perfected in
um Yan vanik the AL the alter pieces of
the vanik brothers or
kavio or you know by the time you get to
uh belke and the mannerists something
else is happening it's like they've
overshot The Mark with mannerism it's
getting weird it's looks at first like
realism but then you realize that bizar
morbid distortions are taking place and
that what is seeping upward into the
realist uh canvas is the uncons ious and
that you know these odd intimations of
sad masochism and Mania and all this
stuff that you're getting off of this
stuff it's not you it is there they're
trying to make it like that and the
mannerists set the stage for full
permission to push off into then
Romanticism really the the EV evocation
of emotion through the manipulation
of um of image of natural image but it's
