really the thinking is not uh realistic
the thinking is
allegorical Romanticism always tends
toward allegory that's why these islands
sucked at by blackened water and covered
over in Fallen Gardens and crumbling
ruins these don't exist anywhere this is
not reportage of the natural World these
are Dreamscapes of a morbid
uh morbid imagination okay well so then
it all runs out in the 19th century I
mean for my money 19th century art is
pretty dismal it's very much of the
academy in France you've got wat and
fragonard and in and in England you have
uh you know reyolds and all of this
stuff going on inel this romantic
morbidity gives rise to like an out of
the really the record desence of that
movement come people like
redon and uh Moro the French symbolists
this is since this is consequent upon
interestingly enough an interest in
psychedelic drugs these people are
smoking hashish and drinking absin and
are familiar with uh opium and this kind
of thing and they set the stage then for
the prite thing and which I don't know
whether you view that as design or art
but simultaneously impressionism is
happening and impressionism strangely
enough is like art in the service of the
realist ideal again but in strange
clothing because what they were trying
to do was shed
this academic
allegorical uh symbolic stuff and just
show light you know it was an effort to
do that and it gave permission for well
and other thing then so there were two
simultaneous Tendencies there the
Impressionists with their concern with
what the eye sees and light and then
operating in the background stuff like
the paop
Physicians and the DS later where it was
all about again the unconscious and
bringing that in the same the same
tendency which had infected mannerism
then in came in as surrealism in the
20th century and because of Freud and
young and all this stuff so I think that
the whole history of 20th century art is
a reaction against morbid Romanticism
which was probably a pretty good thing
to to overthrow but I saw people like
poock or specifically Pollock as in a
sense realists in that what they were
showing us was chaos that's sort of the
evolution of an artist as you as you
gain more and more ability as you know
you get past the symbols and you get
into realism but then you take the
realism and you you use it as a
that's you can use it as a fiction in a
sense so you can you can do what the
mannerist did and go into a dream state
or what so it becomes a a language a
visual language that can describe things
that our words can well Pollock made an
immense intellectual Journey because he
started out not I mean he was born in
COD Wyoming this is a strike against you
in the first place and he studied art
under Thomas Hart Benton who was the
absolute epitome of the American realist
school I mean if you don't know Thomas
Hart Benton he did WPA murals of women
bringing jugs of cider to men in the
fields at noon time in other words
glorification of uh the American working
class in a style
almost reminiscent of the Mexican neural
style of Diego Rivera paa came out of
that you know um he is the screw driver
was his major instrument and he stood
back or stood over his canvases on step
ladders and whipped paint across them
and built up these layered things that
were just uh amazing and what they were
were they were the abstract
expressionist equivalent of an atomic
explosion this is what the ' 50s was uh
was all about so realism came to mean
looking into many strange parts of
reality you know at what point does the
dream get integrated to where it's us at
the point where we control it like we
control our voice and our
head well we have this admiration for
