do everything and if you do it the
appropriate way no energy will be lost
and so you become like super conducting
you become like some kind of super Tai
Chi character where you just do things
so
niftily that there's no problem whether
it's plucking a flower or moving a
boulder and I was told when you think
sit on the ground this was and there
were all these teachings and they were
very simple they were things like sit on
the ground
stupid and uh you know use your fingers
that was a big teaching use your
fingers so one of the things I was into
was how you wash the pot we had one pot
it was this little enamel pot and we
would bake it over a fire and we baked
beans and we baked rice and all these
Terri horrible things that would get
scum on the bottom and so it was a big
deal about drawing lots for who washed
the pot well I discovered in my
enlightened state that we had been doing
it all wrong and that if you would go
down to the water with the pot and and
take sand and Pat it very very lightly
in the bottom and then say
please
that then all you had to do was pour
water into the pot and swish it around
and empty it like that and then when you
looked in it would be like Drano you
know it would just be blinding white and
I did this several times and I thought
how appropriate a miracle this is this
is a real miracle I mean this is just
simple stuff it's totally here and now
it's absolutely Ely dowst it's
completely you know on and on uh so then
I had a Critic in our crowd and so I
thought that I would Enlighten the
critic by a wordless demonstration of my
obvious command of the howling da
so I invited the critic to accompany me
to the river and and uh and I said and
now notice that I pick up the sand I Pat
it into the bottom I'm not agitating it
I look into the sky and I say
please and then I put water in it and I
swish it around
voila they said is something supposed to
happen and and I look and the crud
adheres and then this person says you
know I pity
you and I would pity you more but you
alarm
me th this was the sequella to the to
the thing with the dancing butterflies
which was at the same time and the same
thing which is in my enlightened State
totally Master of the da I would go go
into the woods and I would hold out my
hands my outstretched hands like this
and butterflies that I had hunted
relentlessly for months with a 16 foot
extendable Japanese killing machine that
uh was my tool in trade these canopy
butterflies would come down and land on
the on my hands and strut and show their
iridescence and tear of Joy would stream
down my face and I would kneel down and
they would all line up in front of me
and and then I would weep more but you
know how much cathartic weeping and joy
of this sort can you contain so there
would be this little nub in the
experience which would begin to grow
stronger which was all about this proves
that I'm on to something nobody could
look at this and not
realize said I must show someone and by
the and the critic had not spoken to me
since the pot washing incident but was
very you know on me so then I went back
to camp and I said let's just take a
walk down the trail maybe we can work
out these differences thinking that I
wouldn't even mention it I would just
sort of as I was consoling them put out
my hand and and uh you know butterflies
would drop from the trees they would
realize the error of their ways so forth
and so on well of course you know that
didn't happen so then I said well maybe
I'm being too humble here I should at
least make a commitment to the thing so
I said stand here and watch and I raised
up my hands to call the insects of the
