Jungle to me and then the line was
delivered the second time you know I
pity you and you are you're not you're
were you know
you're this is all
true it is true that the butterflies
danced on the back of my hand well so
what do you what is one to conclude from
this well I think what you have to
conclude is that ego is the absolute
impediment to
Da and that if you care what other
people think if you care how it's going
to impact on your reputation if you care
if you have any of
these um lesser
concerns this this power this Radiance
this dimension of authenticity can't
approach you you know and we all have it
and I'm sure I have it more than most
people and yet even I am able to let
down into these places where the world
Works magic you know and I think uh
women and intuitive men and uh uh people
who aren't quite as analytical as as I
may be are able to uh to do it much more
and that is the real proof you can talk
about be here now till you're blue in
the face you know but the real proof is
when Nature responds like that
apprpriate Behavior well no I don't mean
caring about others I mean that if you
are I guess the the sin is pride the sin
is pride if it Thrills you that you're
are
Enlighten or if you're glad you beat out
your competition or if you want to
display your accomplishment then it's
ruined you know it can only be it has to
be held so very lightly so very lightly
it cannot be shared in a sense forget
sharing it because we're not pure enough
to share it it's amazing that we're pure
enough to occasionally uh embody it you
know I've told you the story about
sitting on the beach it always happens
when you're alone because then you get
no credit
you see it's no credit to you and you
shouldn't get any credit but sitting on
a beach I can't even remember the
substance but uh something like this or
maybe something like this I'm not sure
but sitting on a beach meditating
holding my hands like this and in the
middle of the meditation I become aware
of something like a bug or something is
on my hand and it's like tickling me and
so I ignore it and then you know and
then I come back to it and then it's
feels fairly substantial maybe I should
check this out so then finally I open my
eyes and I look down and there's a
crab and the crab is cleaning my
fingernails and the crab cleans all of
my fingernails and then runs across my
laugh and cleans all of the fingernails
on the other
hand well what this is is just sitting
still and letting nature be what it
wants to be and letting it manifest its
intentionality we tear through and bust
up and smash apart and then we say well
that was a nice hike in the
woods you know and uh always if you will
go into the forest
and sit down and it's about finding the
time finding the time of the place and
in the time of the
place the magic is coming and going in a
way that if you're moving faster or
slower it it just it just isn't there
and I've often had experiences that I
felt that were connected with
psychedelics but the main function of
the Psychedelic was to get me to be
still for a long time cat had a
wonderful experience on a Mexican uh
pyramid she was exploring it she took
LSD or something and fell
asleep and when she woke up the tree she
had been sleeping in that she had been
staring into the branches before she
fell asleep and so had a very clear
picture of it when she awakened a very
large snake had shed its skin directly
above her in the branches of the
trees well you know part of this is the
doorway into coincidence but part of it
is uh
