is all part of of this thing I had a
very um satisfying
experience recently a guy a publisher
and editor came to see cat and I from
Australia and we talked about all this
stuff and he was a fellow
psychedelico and he said nobody had ever
said this to me before he said from
where I'm sitting I think that you're
winning and by your winning what he
meant was that Inch by Inch by Inch the
dream is actually gaining ground there
will be a second hearing there will be
an appeal
from the absolute judgments of 20 years
ago well then in that case it devolves
upon all of us to embody this thing and
to not cut corners and to to you
know as it says in the Grateful Dead
song Try just a little bit harder just a
little bit more and I think doing that
and a lot of it is a letting go it's not
a pushing into it's a letting go then
the magic draws close I mean uh nature
loves courage you've heard me say this
the way nature loves shows her love of
Courage is by removing
obstacles that's how the shaman can
dance in the waterfall he can't dance in
the waterfall EX except that he's so
damn
courageous that God suspends the laws of
physics in the face of such
Faith you know it's something like that
it's the courage to be the courage to be
to be is to dance in the waterfall and
I'm really not if it sounds like I'm
berating you I'm not I'm speaking you're
serving as a screen for my own
psychotherapeutic process because I
clutch at many
levels but fortunately and thank God you
know there were enough instances of
recklessness and sheer error and pure
Madness and pure pressure and all of
these things that I got a taste and I
think you all have a taste that's what
unites Us in trying to run this thing to
ground and it's the heart of it that is
so hard to talk about I mean I skim the
ideas off the depth of a sea of heart
whose boundaries cannot be taken cuz
that's my style but the unsaid part the
dizziness of the things unsaid remember
the poem by Trumble Stickney I lean over
your meanings Edge and I feel the
dizziness of the things you have not
said
and the dizziness of the things unsaid
for us fans of dizziness is ecstasy the
vertigo weren't we first spun in the
Schoo yard wasn't that your first
altered state of consciousness to be
spun and spun until you fall down and
watch the world move around it's the
dizziness of the things un said that's a
real problem for me I'm a saor but but
uh it's worth invoking it
uh if only to let it resonate in the
silence well there are different things
here there's a there's a lot of good in
psychedelics that is not what I've been
talking about
today uh a lot of people are hurting a
lot of people have traumatic uh past
histories uh a lot of people uh need to
be you know unplugged cleaned out
straightened out
uh I see the Psychedelic experience as a
Birthright and I can't we can't have a
free
Society until people are free to explore
their own minds it's so obvious so uh
you know I'm as
against restricting access to drugs as I
am to burning books it offends me in the
same
way people must be free we
are the measure of the political
Universe not the state not the race
these have all been tried with horrible
results uh individual human being must
be
free anything which ameliorates that has
to be looked at very very
carefully
uh
sexuality and the Restriction of
information access and understanding
that revolved around that issue for the
