anything damn right it wasn't easy to
get to this place of not believing in
anything but it's not an existential
abandonment it's not like I don't
believe in anything it's that in order
to be free I must not believe anything
then all things can be freely commanded
in the mind
uh and that's what psychedelics show
they say everything you think is wrong
even what you think now is wrong
therefore even your most advanced
thoughts are
provisional therefore if you like
thinking think but don't think that
thinking is somehow
important it really
isn't
but it's hard to learn that and the only
way I've been able to learn it I was I
am you know like
a cured alcoholic except I'm a cured
materialist you know I thought that I
could prove the correctness of
materialism by taking drugs and then I
would see that all these people were
wrong about the power of drugs they were
just soft heads and I would survive the
experience and keep my skepticism intact
but I what did I know you know it was
quicksand and now I'm what I am uh
because I got in over my
head uh your attitude is the correct
attitude in reality makes it impossible
to have that opinion any
longer I mean that's the reasonable
anybody should have that attitude in
reality forces them to to think
something else I mean I would much
rather have that attitude than the
attitude that you know babaj G is God or
you know I'm because I perform this
particular ritual in this particular
constellation I don't have to be a
decent human being
uh but experience this is the appalling
thing about these drugs they are forms
of
experience and that's all you can have
people who choose to go through life
without the
experience will form a set of
Impressions about reality based on the
lack of that particular
data we can't all know everything about
everything or all go
everywhere
so the only
reasonable
position in a spiritual quest which
revolves around
experiences is to be true to
yourself be true to
yourself try to think as clearly as
possible try to transcend
limitations and then uh and then see
where it gets
you and the other thing is of course you
know you spoke of drugs and I replied to
your objection in terms of drugs but
there are all kinds of drugs that I
wouldn't take on a bet and there are all
kinds of
experiences that you can assure me will
be good for me and I will still
perversely avoid them because I don't
want those experiences I know
already well the drugs that I'm
advocating their greatest enthusiasts do
them
least
often because it's so appalling I mean
it is not Recreation I mean you may call
it Recreation but when you actually
approach the big ones your heart pounds
your palms sweat you wish you'd chosen
you know back at the ashram or something
um no I don't Advocate living in a haze
of drug induced

perception I may but I don't
 
Advocate and the big and the big ones it
takes months to assimilate a large
psychedelic trip no the purpose is to
enrich the here and now to to to enrich
the down state to bring because this is
where we live after after all Ian this
is where we live and also you know it
might as well be said people who take
