that certainly the Amazon River is
female because it is named the Amazon I
mean Gaia is what it is you know and
Amazon is a giant woman well here in her
Volva in literally in the
Delta and Delta you see is this
triangular the Greek letter Delta is a
triangle and has been a school boy
symbol for the f male genitals for
18,000 years uh in the Delta of the
Amazon sits the city of Bim over which
on a certain winter solstice a total
eclipse of the sun will appear and I
said you know my goodness this is uh
This Is The Stuff of Prophecy something
marvelous must be going to happen there
and you know I you must know um Yates
poem um what's it called the second
coming the one about what rough beasts
slouches toward Bethlehem to be born and
it is the im an apocalyptic image an
image of the shift of the Aon so I had
all this data see pointing at December
23rd uh
1973 and it but I got this same argument
from people this argument that uh you
must have known you must have seen these
uh astronomical ephemeres at some time
in the past you must have an unconscious
photographic memory the Mind must be a
computer at some level and so forth and
so on but what clinched it for me was
early in
1973 still 13 11 months before for this
much anticipated moment uh I open the
San Francisco Chronicle one morning and
it says long period Comet headed toward
Earth and I closed the newspaper and
said aloud I know that this Comet will
make its closest approach to the sun on
the December 23rd then I open the paper
and read it it says yes it will approach
peral on on the 22nd of December give or
take you know so many hours Greenwich
and then I saw for me that did it
because what it was was a perfect proof
my wish had been granted because you see
no human being on Earth knew that this
Comet existed or had ever known because
it was a long period Comet it had never
in historic IAL times been in the skies
of earth when I had focused in on this
date using all these Clues it was
absolutely in the value dark dimension
you it was not in the collective
unconscious unless the collective
unconscious anticipates the future and
if that's the case then there's no way
to contaminate any experiment from
influence so uh you know the the
mushroom was willing enough to provide
for my edification this thing well but
then see what happens you may remember
this Comet it was the comet cotch and it
was an excuse for all kinds of faler all
I mean uh harmonic convergence eat your
heart out uh this was uh a much bigger
deal and yet this Comet which physically
should have blossomed out into the most
spectacular Comet of all human history
was a dud and once again you know
prophets ate it right and left and uh
book sellers were left with vast unsold
uh
inventory so uh to me it's like
Play It's like a joke it's like if you
can't if that doesn't seem like a joke
to you then you don't have a sense of
humor you know it's not going to hand
over your alchemical gold because after
all why should it who are we to be the
recipients of alchemical gold but it
does tease and it does play and I think
if you're playful enough you can coax it
into being your playmate and perhaps in
these boundary dissolved States this is
what's H what
happens I've told the story about uh how
in the Amazon when all this stuff was
breaking loose I went through this
period where very calmly and deeply and
without having any need to tell anyone I
thought I came to the opinion that I was
like
enlightened and it was this very lowkey
thing it was all about appropriate
behavior this was the cognitive
hallucination that I was having it was
about appropriate behavior and I had
this idea there's an appropriate way to
