so salitary to all our uh our concerns I
don't know that they do you might ask
Angie Aryan she's the resident Authority
on the BOS I know they're into something
called the light work and I know they're
um herders from way back
Shepherds people who follow
cattle probably were into all of this
stuff very early you know Maria Sabina
The Great Mushroom shamanist of Wata
always claimed that she really had never
been taught about the mushrooms that she
discovered as a girl hungry for food she
was left to tend the cattle and she
experimented with these things it
certainly generally conceded that
astrology astronomy observation of the
Stars was uh something that Shepherds
were the first people to pay attention
to because they stayed up all night and
watched their flocks and observed uh The
Horizon this connection with
domesticated animals whether the boses
today use psychedelic plants uh I
couldn't say most Europeans don't and
the history of Europe is poor in in
instances of psychedelic use because the
Flora of Europe is poor there are
daturas and there is henbane and monks
hood and opium brought in and hashish
and but it's not a psychedelic ecosystem
at all drugs are well it's it's clearly
isn't the only
path it may be the only path to a
certain
place but if that's not the place you
want to go
then you would follow a different path
they bring you to the discovery that
everything you know is wrong
period uh if you are not interested in
having that
experience and many people aren't I mean
many people when they get to the goal of
drugs say okay that's it I'm finished
with drugs now I know I didn't need to
know that and I'm sorry I found out uh
you have to have a taste for the
weird the weird the bizar the
UT the Beyond it's a it's an edge
phenomenon it's a 12th house phenomenon
it's a
scorpionic kind of thing
the the other objection that you raise
the the that it's
artificial well I agree to some in some
sense in that I don't like synthetic
drugs but uh the banner under which the
entire new
paradigm is operating is that it is an
illusion that there is an inside and an
outside it is an illusion that there is
a self and
world so we
cannot we if you believe that it's
artificial you already are deeply
committed to a dualistic view of the
place of the person in the world uh it's
the ordinary view that people are
distinct from the world there may be
there may be philosophical churches here
that can't be
reconciled I'm basically some kind of a
phenomenologist when you you begin to
analyze
perception it can be analyzed different
ways my analysis leads me to think that
the distinction between real and unreal
is a
misunderstanding and that in fact all
these distinctions between self and
World between real and unreal between
inner and outer these are in fact the
very boundaries that it
dissolves
so it would it will change you a lot
then to dissolve those boundaries
because they will then be seen by you as
merely opinions rather than discoveries
about how the world really
is psychedelics don't say how the world
really is they say how the world really
isn't that's what they always do is they
negate they say no it isn't that and it
isn't that and it isn't even that so
they're not at offering a kind of
replacement Faith it's really a religion
of
Doubt th this is what drives people
crazy they say well you don't believe in
