better able to relate to our significant
other uh I'm not sure so I think a
lighter touch what was also absent in
the 60s was any awareness of
tradition people thought that LSD came
from God via Albert Hoffman they didn't
realize that Shamanism was about this
they didn't
realize that a whole that there was a
huge body of evidence that they could
call on to support their position which
was this is what religion really has all
was about for the first million years
and this is what ecstasy was about
before it became about you know silent
prayer and exstension and rejection of
the senses and all of this stuff so it
that really I think was the Revolution
and contribution of the 70s the
anthropological angle I mean it's pretty
startling to read
1970s or 1960s
LSD literature that has not been edited
or amended since uh if you want to look
at this take a look at Steven gin's book
uh amazing in dope Tales the book was
published in
1969 so it's completely uncontaminated
by the shifts in consciousness of the of
the 70s and the 80s well it's an
astonishingly unspiritual book what
people seem to do on LSD back in the
hate Ashbury a lot of them was what was
called power tripping and ego tripping
and people played games with other
people who were on it uh Power games sex
games control games and there wasn't a
sense of the Sacred Dimension the white
all the metaphors are drawn from the
Transcendent Realms of Mahayana Buddhism
Enlightenment BAU Nirvana White Light
ego death lot about ego death you know I
barely ever hear that past my lips I
mean I talk about diminishing the ego
but I don't conceive it as a dissolving
into whiteness I conceive it as a coming
to terms with the world that wants to be
recognized all around us so we have
evolved the language we have created
dimensions for the experience that we
didn't have before and I think we still
are I mean uh uh LSD was a love drug but
it was a kind of collective you loved
your tribe you loved your affinity
group mushrooms brought in this
connection to Nature and mushrooms were
not available psilocybin was rare as hin
teeth until
1975 I mean I know because I sought it
and my brother and I wrote the book that
we did specifically so that people could
have mushrooms and I know who our
competitors were and when those
publication dates were and it just did
not exist unless you were very close to
the you know inner High Mucky mucks of
psychedelica I never I only once took
something which was said to be synthetic
psilocybon cuz I didn't know anybody I
was a spear carrier back in the golden
age uh so
and what the mushrooms brought in was
for a lot of people access to
hallucinations LSD is quite mental you
have to be of a certain inner
Constitution or you have to take a lot
to have hallucinations and then the
hallucinations are of a certain
character uh psilocybin by being visibly
from the earth and by having this
tremendous
synergistic effect on the vision
producing part of the brain empowered
the Extraterrestrial WRA the fairies
that was not seriously part of the uh of
the LSD phenomenon and so forth so I
think you know it evolves in time we are
filling in the pieces and there are
probably Dimensions uh yet to come that
we all will be involved in I mean I
assume many of you will end up
psychotherapists
Educators
writers
uh people who will make an impact on
society through ideas and through the
the teaching and the imposition of
methods and so this uh this has to be
part of the
armorium because it is
