belts and a world where pianos wore
pants so you know it it worked its way
out uh subtly in the notion of
evolution and
evolution is a very interesting concept
that even those of us who profess to
believe in it I think don't fully grasp
uh you know what comes in this
package uh we all are
taught that uh in the 19th century a
great struggle was waged between science
and religion because science had the
audacity to suggest that human beings
were descended from the great apes and
we all know who took what sides and the
kind of polemics that were raised and we
all know the happy ending of this story
with the great Triumph of modern
evolutionary
biology
however that to my mind looking at it
from the point of view of a of a
philosopher uh is
all sham or it's like the 11:00 News
version of what actually happened that's
how rather silly people understood the
great intellectual Watershed struggle of
the 19th century that is not in fact
what it was about that's not what it was
about the outrageous
assertion of the evolutionists of Darwin
particularly and his school was not that
human beings were descended from the the
great apes in fact the outrageous
assertion wasn't even contained in the
part of the manuscript that was called
The Descent of Man you recall it was
called the Origin of Species and The
Descent of Man and where the real kicker
was lodged was in the Origin of Species
why because Darwin set out to show that
nature could be the product of processes
without
purpose that was the bit that brought
the roof down Ordinary People couldn't
understand this this is called the
so-called teleological issue but this is
what brought the Christian Church
roaring to its feet in confrontation
with evolutionary biology the assertion
that nature could be accounted for by
processes that were not guided toward a
higher end by a higher power that simply
random uh molecular processes and then
pressures of environmental selection
could cause to come to be animals plants
and ultimately human beings but the
fight was over thology the fight was
over whether or not the Universe has a
purpose toward which all creation moves
ineluctably or whether nature is what
the darwinists called it which was
trendless
fluctuating trendless fluctuating so it
was an attack on God not the Divinity
not the Divine status of man that was
peanuts in this poker game it was an
attack on the need for God per se as an
efficient cause in the Machinery of
universal
being well it's a very interesting
question and a very interesting uh
struggle because we are still caught up
in it American transcendentalism while
all this was going on in England
American
transcendentalism was exploring the
transcendental Realms of the human
Spirit cast against the background of
the American landscape and this
um
question of the tilos in nature was you
know to make
friends lifelong friends into enemies
and Sunder families Alfred Russell
Wallace who was the co-discoverer of
evolution with
Darwin really preceded him him he he uh
had a fever he was a professional
butterfly collector as I was once in my
youth and on the island of Tate in
eastern Indonesia Wallace fell into a
malarial
fever and at the height of this fever he
wrote down a page and a half of
scribbling which when he came down from
this illness and read it it seemed to
hold up and what he had discovered was
what all biology was seeking what he
called the solution to the problem of
