Western thinking it is the
alchemical idea that nature is driving
to perfect itself this was what the
Alchemist believed they believed that
through time uh lesser Metals became
gold and that what the Alchemist was
trying to do was to compress time he was
trying to to catalyze a natural process
so that what took thousands in their
imagination of years in the body of the
earth could be compressed into days or
weeks in the almic of The Alchemist well
as science defined itself in throughout
the 17th and 18th century under the
impetus of deart and uh and Kant and all
of these people uh this notion of uh the
world as a distillate apparatus was
given up but it returns in the idea of
evolution and uh we inherit it in the
social world now this is a delicate
point there is something called social
Darwinism otherwise known as
fascism social Darwinism uses a very
vulgar understanding of evolutionary
Dynamics to justify class
oppression by saying that uh it must be
right that some people have their foot
on other people's necks because isn't
this what nature is is about struggle of
the fittest and survival of the the
longest Fang the swiftest claw the
sharpest tooth well the answer is no
absolutely not this this rests on an
understanding of nature that was in
Vogue 150 years ago that is not in Vogue
now that's what you see when you look at
nature at the at the in the human
dimension but when you analyze nature as
uh an integrated system of chemical
reactions Gene transfer cat catalytic
self-regulating activities hyper cycles
of energy nutrients and Metabolism when
you analyze nature from that point of
view you see that it seeks to
maximize
cooperation connectedness Mutual
interdepend ability is the thing thing
which holds the whole thing together and
the species that is most successful is
not the species that can dominate all
others it's the species that can make
itself
indispensable to all others look at the
uh evolutionary success of the
bacteria you know they settled in for
the Long Hall and no higher form of life
can operate without them and so the the
possibility of of bacteria becoming
extinct is laughable I mean they'll be
the last to go because they have made
themselves
indispensable this idea then of
evolution has strongly entered the human
world and science hates this I had
somebody once say to me if it doesn't
involve genes it ain't
Evolution and you should not use the
word Evolution to describe Progressive
change they didn't like that they said
evolution is a technical term used by
biologists and it applies to genetic
material only books do not evolve social
systems do not evolve corporations
relationships do not evolve this is a
misuse of the word well since then uh
evolutionary thinkers like CH wadington
Eric Yan West
Churchman uh Paul fire
uh uh irin llo have uh I think by the
sheer force and volume of their writings
overwhelmed this notion and reclaimed
Evolution as a much broader concept than
it was understood to be in the 19th
century evolution is now understood to
be the triumphant March out of chaos
into two order connectedness
self-expression and self-reflection that
begins with the first moments preceding
I mean following the Big Bang in other
words we have uh chemical we have Atomic
Evolution evolution of atomic systems as
electrons settle down into stable orbits
we have chemical Evolution into more and
more complex molecular forms which
finally become polymers these polymers
further evolve into complex energetic
systems capable of
self-replication motility and eventually
you know the writing of operas so what
we see when we look at uh the universe
