the species and he looked at this thing
and what it was was a description of
natural selection and it seemed to work
well Wallace was uh from the lower
classes had made his living in England
as a surveyor was essentially a field
biologist because he was not accepted by
the gentleman science ssts of England he
didn't know where to turn so he fired
off a letter to the only person he could
think of to ask who was the greatest
biologist of the day Charles Darwin at
home in England in his garden working
over 20 years of notes on the problem of
the species when Darwin got this letter
from this unknown character postmarked
ambon Dutch East Indies and read it he
paled
visibly
uh and he went to his friend Sir Charles
Lyle who was the great the greatest
geologist of the day the proponent of
catastrophism and one of the great w was
to develop into one of the great
Defenders of Darwin's theory he went to
Charles Lyall and said uh I've been
working 20 years on this idea this came
in the post this this is it it's all
here and Lyle said don't worry my friend
we will schedule two papers to be
delivered at the Royal Society they will
be delivered on the same evening and
yours shall be
first and so it was and so it comes down
to us as Darwin's theory of evolution
but in fact in a way for philosophical
purists it may have been better that way
because
Wallace who was uh in many ways a deeper
thinker than Darwin uh was a a Fabian
socialist was fascinated by paranormal
phenomena uh as well as being interested
in
electricity
biogeography um
anthropology uh truly one of the last of
the great polymaths Wallace was unable
to take the final step on the question
of
teleology and he said I cannot believe
that random processes ameliorated by
natural selection can give rise to a
creature such as man so this was the
break in the 19th century and it it
arises out of of the earlier foundation
of the struggle between intuition and
reason I mean I think our intuition must
Place Us in Wallace's camp that there is
a tilos of some sort there is an Omega
Point toward which all creation however
unsteadily moves and it is because of
this uh Omega point that we do live in a
cosmos and not a kayos not simply a
raging confusion but something that is
structured and ordered
well in spite of the fact that Evolution
was seeking to serve the most rigorous
scientific desires to exclude tileology
and to exclude God from the process of
the natural world uh it introduced a
bizarre concept which cut against its
own purposes the concept is a kind of
progress in
nature where previously none had
been so that uh from Aristotle to the
19th century what you have as a theory
of nature is What's called the Great
chain of being or the great lad of being
and it stretches from God through the
archangels the cbim the cherubim down
man then the animal kingdom the
vegetable Kingdom so forth and so on but
it is
imagined as static as put in place by
the Fiat looks of creation set in place
for all time what what uh Darwin did was
to see it as not a great chain of being
but as an escalator of being he added
the notion of progressive movement
toward higher and higher forms more and
more complex
manifestations of the uh
intrinsic ingression of novelty into
actual
events and this idea
is very very interesting and cogent and
pregnant with possibility for all of us
and our world you see what it is really
is it's a recasting of an idea that had
been banished for several centuries from
