makes its most
Northerly
uh its deepest incursion into the
northern
latitudes it's interesting the theme of
revolution is dealt with in the ching
and since of course the iching was a one
of the five Confucian Classics you might
turn to that passage expecting a
discourse on
political uh
reformations and when you look at the
hexagram Revolution it says uh nothing
about political guidance to
revolutionaries it says instead uh the
magician is a calendar maker
he measures the seasons and he sets them
right and uh and so the last idea maybe
that I want to leave with you tonight is
uh a few thoughts about the calendar
because uh I have fastened on to the
calendar as an interesting vehicle for
changing people's conceptions of reality
I don't think we realize how thoroughly
our worldview is dominated by the
unconscious
preconceptions that are uh built into
our
calendar the Chinese understood this
this is why when there were great social
Revolutions a new calendar was always
put in place we have used the present
calendar with a minor correction uh for
2,000 years for one entire zodiac
age and uh we
assume I I assume we
assume that we use this calendar that we
do because it must be a very good one
and it must be the best of all and it
must be the simplest and it is true that
when you look back into time you do find
bizarre calendrical Arrangements uh for
instance I don't know if you knew this
but Roman months counted up to the
middle day of the month and then like a
rocket launching counted down to the end
day of the month this is why the middle
day of Roman months which was called the
eyes was considered an unlucky day
because that was the day that the upward
switched to a downward count well we
would find this very clumsy but notice
that what are C the
the logic and we've talked about logic
reason and deduction uh this evening the
logic behind our calendar is that it is
a good solar calendar well what do we
mean by a good solar calendar well uh
calendar makers will tell you that a
good solar calendar is a calendar such
that uh on the same day of every year
the Sun rises in the same place against
the background of the fixed Stars this
is what we mean when we say the sun is
in Aries we mean that at dawn the
constellation Aries is blotted out by
the heliacal Light of the Rising
Sun but the sun is this
solar
masculine
apollonian archetype
it is the archetype of the ego as God it
is the archetype of the center the unity
solar calendar is set up so that we do
not have what is called a
precession a precession is where the
days slip against the background of the
fixed Stars our the notion of our
calendar is that it is an agricultural
calar calendar and we want our great
agricultural holidays to always fall in
the times of harvest and planting so a
solar year must be used but what this
does is it has an underlying assumption
which is false and which is has been
inculcated into our psychology with to
detrimental ends and it is this that
this obsession with fixing the solstices
and the equinoxes against the fixed
stars is the effort to build a structure
on the very largest level the level of
the planet itself to build a structure
that is fixed that is
enduring and the great pride of our
calendar is that we say it does not slip
that means it's fixed and enduring well
you may not know that that the reason it
doesn't slip is because there's a fudge
factor in it uh we're all familiar with
the fudge factor of leap
