take what we can get from all of these
other
Traditions maybe we're doing better than
we
think you know I mean I've had the
experience in the Amazon
of talking with a shaman and we're
talking about something how he uses a
certain plant or
something and then I would say well you
know the the uh so Ando tribe they know
this plant and they use it in the
following way and then the guy would say
well how do you know that that's amazing
well I know it because I read Harvard
Museum Botanical leaflets where this
anthropological data is deployed so
while we don't have a grizzled old
Master Shaman hung with bones and Beads
to guide us through what we do have is a
huge amount of ethnographic data and
material collected in all parts of the
world about how people on all kinds of
levels of culture but many of them
preliterate uh handle these problems so
what we are have is a kind of generic
shamanism and if we can Infuse it with
life uh it will probably work for us I'm
very happy to see that the uh iasa is
coming up out of the Amazon and that
people are trying to form circles
they're trying to do it right one reason
they're trying to do it right is because
there is so little of this that you have
to prove you have to con convince
somebody that you're worthy before you
even get invited so it's not something
that is just handed out to everyone but
if we could create a generic Shamanism
that we could Infuse with life I think
we could probably create a series of
interlocking institutions and rituals
that would make this more accessible to
other people I have great admiration for
the sitters for
guides I mean I won't do that I worry
too much I'm too susceptible to the
transference uh it really I am so
empathetic with people on high doses of
these things that I can't stand to be
around them but it's a different calling
so I don't consider myself as Shaman I'm
more like you know Court Jester and
Village barred but the shaman is the
person who will actually give you the
techniques whatever they may be whether
they're substances or rituals give you
the techniques to carry you into the
place it's difficult what we're trying
to do because we were robbed a long time
ago of this birth right this is
different than recreating a dance or a
sweat lodge or uh something like that
because this is all in the mind and in
the
heart yeah this can go you're right
we're hoist on our own
pitard well nobody said that knowledge
is uh that the pursuit of knowledge is
not a dangerous path I mean I'm not sure
that it can be entirely
sanitized and there's something else to
be said about all this I say we have to
create these shamanic forms ourselves we
have to uh bootstrap ourselves to a
generic Shamanism but in fact we have
the most powerful Ally which the
traditional shamans had and that is the
plants the plants teach fundamentally
Shamanism is a one-to-one relationship
between a person and the plant and if
you know what I mean you know what I
mean if you don't it just sounds like
somebody's advocating that you talk to
Lett uses but uh I didn't believe it
myself until I got into the domain where
it was happening nature wants to
communicate she wants us to pick up the
telephone she wants us to direct our
attention toward the idea that nature
can present itself as a real
communication if we could let down into
that then the crab that cleans our
fingernails or the snake that sheds its
skin above us in the tree uh these
things then become the teacher I mean
this is what the mushroom says he says
you don't need the teacher I am the
teacher and it is but for you to
recognize and come to terms with
