is that you have to be blind to this
Progressive tendency that has worked its
will with the random plasma of pure
electrons
with the chemistry of stars with the
molecular chemistry of primitive planets
with plant and animal life with human
epigenetic coding systems carving dance
ritual vocalization magic and this
process proceeds right up into the 20th
century with this phenomenon that we all
uh give uh some Credence to the notion
that we are living in a period of
compressed time well so what what are we
to do with
that I think what we have to do is begin
then to design this process it is now
moving fast enough that it is within the
the Ken of each one of us to see
Progressive consolidation of change
taking place place in the world around
us we as human beings I think are
destined to be the design and control
element in this thing in this Global
guyan process never mind that we have
done it so badly up to now
because now meaning the 20th century is
a completely different kind of epistemic
world world than any world that preceded
it and to the degree that we can
shed the inherited behavior patterns of
uh previous centuries previous cultural
Styles and actually take hold of the
tools present at hand we can uh guide
and control this evolutionary
process uh
culture as it is in a sense the the
software of the
infrastructure of the global
civilization which is the
hardware we don't need to make major
design revisions in the hardware the
hardware is how we produce uh and move
around food how we produce energy the
major restructuring there is simply a
matter of cleaning it up making it more
efficient less toxic less enslaved to
the notion of making a buck more
enslaved to the notion of uh serving
human needs so the hardware
structure can be uh pretty much
redesigned along the lines that are
clear to even the engineering
mentalities Among Us what is not so
clear is that culture can be redefined
as software and radically Rewritten so
that it runs much more
smoothly uh now notice that I did not
say that we were software or Hardware we
are neither we are the user and this is
the important thing to remember we are
not scripting ourselves into some kind
of machine future we are
designing the future that we want to
have rather than allowing the blunders
of our grandparents to dictate the kind
of future we will have we're very late
waking up to the necessity for this this
is because we tend to operate along very
shortterm
uh goals it's very hard for us to put in
place a project that uh looks 40 or 50
uh years ahead it was interesting a
couple of years ago there was an article
in the whole earth review about uh uh a
chapel at
Oxford that uh the the main beam of this
Chapel which was an oak beam about so by
so uh was rotted through with worms and
had to be
replaced and it was no problem because
800 years ago an English king planted an
oak tree that was to be grown for the
specific purpose of replacing this beam
when it should need to be replaced and
so this 750 year old oak tree was cut
and the beam heun and put into place and
uh the it inspired them to plant another
oak tree
which uh is not a bad
idea okay well um so that's maybe enough
about Evolution now I want to talk about
Revolution which is also in the solal
theme because uh what the solstice marks
is the return of the hcal rising of the
sun to a certain fixed star against the
background of fix stars in our calendar
system what it really
celebrates is uh the longest day of the
year the day when there is when the sun
