drugs all the time are getting the wrong
effect I mean your system just adapts
everything becomes like caffeine after a
while it either becomes like caffeine or
it becomes like
opium it either puts you to sleep or IT
wires you up so uh it's
about doing it with aent
and in a ritual setting and and uh and
at high enough doses that you get
somewhere I mean I think the worst thing
you can do is diddle with low doses the
nibblers of this world are no friends of
mine you know it should be uh
overwhelming and it should be an act of
Courage what I've said in other
situations like this is if you're not
afraid then you're not doing either the
right drug or enough of the right drug
if in the privacy of your own mind
you're not
afraid then you're just probably out for
a good time and I have nothing against
having a good time but I actually like
having a good time without drugs because
when I have a drug going I feel an
obligation to go to
work you know
think look understand one problem I have
with people thinking well this is why we
might question the wisdom of uniting the
idea of psychedelic Exploration with
late
adolescence is that a good idea to take
people 16 to 25 who are trying to come
to terms with being independent in the
world defining their sexuality leaving
their parents' home and getting a life
for themselves and then we add on oh yes
and there's one more thing you have to
put up with this I don't know I think
people pretty much have to self- select
it since we cannot legally organize see
if we could legally organized there
would be a network of of
shamans and a who would be
sitters who when someone wanted to do a
certain drug they would say well who
sits good who sits well for this and
then you would go and that person would
train you in whatever they had to teach
which would be diet breath control
postures mudras dances rituals they
would train you and the last thing that
they would bring onto the scene would be
the
hallucinogen our Pro our situation is
different and a real problem this is why
we have to hold meeting things like this
uh we're like somebody walking along a
beach who comes upon a
sailboat and decides they're going to
learn to
sail well can they learn to sail before
they sink the boat that's the question
and it's going to depend on how smart
they are to begin with how the weather
is that day how the tides are that day
they may they may not we're trying to do
the most difficult of all things which
is bootstrap
ourselves none of us knowing any more
than any of the rest of us bootstrap
ourselves to a new level of talking
about this what we have to do I think in
this situation is each of us tell our
story somebody thought it was wonderful
somebody thought it was terrible each
tell our story and then try try to
create a set of techniques out of that
that works this is what I've been doing
for 25 years I mean when we first got
together my peers at Cal all we did I
mean we took drugs a lot but what we
really did was we talked about it an
awful lot what is it trying to
understand it trying to compete with
each other for the metaphors that would
uh
encapsulated and out of this has come a
a very
Grassroots kind of consensus I think
which unites ideas like
Shamanism an invisible
world the importance of holding down ego
the importance of paying
attention uh that nature is somehow a
friend and an Ally we're putting it
together ourselves it isn't a science
it's an art Shamanism is an art and we
