every other way of doing things is being
subsumed to that I talked a lot uh in
these Wednesday night lectures and with
the section about uh the importance of
partnership Societies in the human past
and how the Nostalgia for these kinds of
social Arrangements have driven us
throughout our experience of History
well it is uh nevertheless true that
even today in the Amazon uh and perhaps
in a few other Relic
environments uh partnership societies
exist partnership societies Thrive and
regulate themselves through a relation a
symbiotic relationship to plants that we
call hallucinogenic plant
Shamanism but which is actually almost a
welding of the social organism into the
natural surround in a way that feeds
back into the psyches of these people
and the structures of their society in a
way that is very uh very much promotes
the conservation of
equilibrium something we have sadly lost
touch with so it's very important to
preserve uh the uh
options that have been discovered by
people over the Millennia the options
that allow a recreation of the uh
sensory and psychic ratios that
characterize the partnership Society in
contrast to the kind of Dominator
society that we've lived under for such
a long time so it isn't a matter simply
of preserving plants for medicines it's
really much more philosophically deep
than that it's the idea that uh a
relationship to the vegetable Matrix of
the planet is what constitutes uh a gan
Resurgence that it is plants that
regulate the composition of the
atmosphere the temperatures of the
oceans so forth and so on and that it is
our lack of integration into that system
that has precipitated the crisis of
toxic 20th century uh Potlatch
Civilization by Potlatch Potlatch was a
custom of the Northwest Coast Indians
where they would uh uh to show their
wealth destroy huge amounts of material
so that houses would be burned feathered
blankets burned totem poles burned in
the Potlatch in an orgy of
Destruction which proves your wealth and
we have assimilated and perfected this
custom so that it is second nature to us
and the whole planet is a vast Potlatch
we are robbing our children and their
children of any sort of recognizable
future by basically grabbing it all for
ourselves no other society and history
has been so callous to human values that
it condemned Generations unborn of its
own uh children to live in a in a uh
desert the main thing I think that comes
out of an effort to formulate a
psychedelic point of view and I take it
this is what we have been involved in a
psychedelic point of view means a point
of view which honors
Consciousness Consciousness is
seen as the value to be
maximized that's what we want we want
more Consciousness better integration
better information better
models uh we don't want to petrify
ourselves or commit ourselves to a model
that somehow then is found to be
Obsolete and inadequate so what chiefly
constitutes the Psychedelic point of
view I think is its open-ended and
provisional
nature as opposed to every other
ideology or point of view that's running
around we have to what what the
Psychedelic point of view is is a kind
of culture Al
relativism we're trying to get a grip on
who and where we are in the cosmos from
a point of view not that of the American
consumerist citizen something else
something larger deeper broader more
touched by the cosmic more touched by a
sense of the past and uh of
Destiny so I have said this many times
but I want to say it now in a slightly
different context and discuss it the
statement of the British um enzymologist
JBS howan who discovered uh enzymes so
he became an
