um we began by celebrating the solstice
with an attack on reason and logic and
uh in favor of the Primacy of intuition
in spite of its um
nakedness intuition cannot clothe itself
in the armor of logic but I hope I
demonstrated to you that the armor of
logic is wide mesh chain mail in fact
it's chicken
wire in fact it may be chicken [ __ ]
[Laughter]
so so the Primacy of intuition and how
that intuition led into a peculiar
episode in 19th century science where
committed atheists found themselves uh
serving the recovery of the alchemical
ideal through the notion of nature as an
engine of tilos and
progressivism and then from that the
notion of our own Century as the
concrescence of this uh teologico
process that is leading everything into
deeper and deeper modes of
self-reflection and connectedness and
then finally to put the snake's tail in
its mouth to return to the theme of the
solstice uh and to offer again a
counterpose to the calendar of reason
the calendar of solar paternalism to
offer instead a potential calendar in
celebration of flux change growth and
feminism uh which are the value that are
going to have to be maximized if we are
going to open a dialogue uh with our
souls and soul of the planet and uh and
save ourselves from the lethal
momentum that uh so many hundreds of
years of Dominator culture have imparted
to the Machinery of our civilization I
mean we must awaken and these little Pro
games about logic and calendars and
shifting perspective on these various
issues this is just a way to promote
cognitive activity to say you know the
the path out of the SVA Ura the path out
of the dark wood in which we find
ourselves is uh cognition thought
getting smart fast uh we have to dance
sing calculate and drum our way out of
the circumstances into which we have
fallen and uh to the degree that we can
celebrate um the irrational the feminine
the
unconscious the
transpersonal and even the Psychedelic
to the degree that we can celebrate
these things we are giving permission
for the order that is in nature to
manifest the plan wants to come to be we
have to get out of the way and what that
means is uh all the tricks in the book
to diminish ego to diminish ego as a
cultural ideal I mean ego is not a male
problem it's not a yepy problem it's not
a white people problem it's just a
problem and uh until
we get this higher
perspective we are going to uh continue
to Rattle the bars of our cage the
higher
perspective
uh depends on seeing things on a scale
of thousands of years and uh potentially
minions of light years a Cosmic scale
the correct scale the scale on which we
are truly operating I mean the minutia
of our personal lives is that it's that
our lives are an opening into a
transpersonal
opportunity you know I mean I've said
this in my smaller class I take the
notion of Tantra
seriously if by Tantra what we mean is
the shortcut path that life is some kind
of opportunity it's an opening between
unbridgeable chasms of the unknown and
yet out of chaos for 20 40 70 years we
come into a domain of immense
opportunity it is a conundrum it is a
puzzle it is is something to be figured
out and I have the faith that if we can
figure this out we can uh somehow not
only make a better world for our
children but in some other profound way
we can even undo what has been done and
this would be the ultimate uh the
ultimate dream that somehow
we can discover An Elegant
Escape that
will leave us with the clear
