and it either goes back I suppose into
uh speechless animal organization if we
blow up the world or it turns into
something else but it is not something
to be maintained it is transitory and
designed to be so it's like a birth it's
a pro it's it tears the planet apart it
contorts the people under going it it
you know before it's over uh the heavy
metals are ripped out of the surface of
the Earth the forests are cut down this
thing happens and then let us hope
it is over and we and we go to some less
materialistic less destructive phase uh
this is why you know the question that
the psychedelics raise for each of us as
individuals is the question that the
culture is going to have to answer
collectively in time as well it is what
are we when we can be anything we can
imagine I don't know I think we are
surrounded by mystery I think the the
the psychedelics because they enlarge
the dimension of mind they bring the
mystery in close they allow us to
contemplate possibilities that we would
never have contemplated because they
give us the power of the imagination and
the data how can we take these new uh
datum that enter experience and
integrate them meaningfully into
ourselves well I think that the the way
you do this is by realizing that the
drama that is unfolding must be a human
drama so for instance uh the the
entities that are glimpsed in these uh
exotic psychedelic states that inform
the shamans and so forth it we we say
it's another dimension and we
hypothesize then that these are
extraterrestrials or demons or plant
Spirits we never
face the fact that to redeem our own
anxiety they have to be something more
than plant spirits they have to be
something more than demons they have to
be uh something more than friendly
extraterrestrials uh my own private
opinion about this is I think that that
what psychedelics in these high do
correct set setting situations carry us
into is an Ecology of Souls
this is what we're
seeing I mean if that's not a shocking
enough way of putting it how about this
what we're seeing is the dead those
people those things in that place are
our
ancestors it's as though there is an
ecology and a cycle of energy that
reaches Beyond visible life there is an
ecology of many dimensions that life is
transformation into a transcendental
realm that those self transforming
jeweled elf machines that are uh
manufacturing The Talking fabri Eggs and
the Liquid Crystal lates of multiple
fractal Dimensions those are dead
friends these places Li just over the
hill this is what uh is meant when it's
said that shamans know how to pass
through the doors that the dead pass
through daily that the adventure of
being I think is not going to stop with
saving the rainforest or feeding
everybody or going off to our tourists
that the inventure of being persist
exists through time this would explain
the freakish
immediacy and the weirdness the charge
the numinosity of the contact in
hyperspace if this is an Ecology of
souls if what we are seeing is in fact
what we always thought we would never
see or know which is uh information
about the next step AG of existence then
this is a tremendous salutary Force
pouring into existence and when you
think about it isn't this the most
likely hypothesis we know how improbable
extraterrestrials are and uh and the
only organized Intellis we have ever
contacted or had familiarity with are
people therefore isn't it likely that
what we're dealing with our people well
then hypotheses multiply perhaps they're
people from the future perhaps that's
the future and then we like that because
it holds everything in the dimensions
we're familiar with the idea that it's
