enzymologist logical move howan said
um The World Is Not only stranger than
we
suppose it is stranger than we can
suppose
and this is something that we have not
entertained very seriously as a
possibility especially the cheerful
characters in the white coats with the
clipboards the Assumption has always
been that man's mind notice the gender
slant man's mind is uh sufficient for
the cognition of the
cosmos this is not all that surprising
though is patently idiotic it is not all
that
surprising uh when you think about the
fact that as recently as let's say
1830 people believe the Earth was 4,000
years old as recently as uh
1480 the new world was unsuspected to
exist or it was suspected by a few
wild-eyed map makers and mad Sailors but
conventional knowledge held that you
know the Eurasian land mass in
connection with Africa that that was it
so when we look back into our recent
past we discover tremendous epistemic
naiv that means people didn't know what
was going
on they weren't even
close and and yet we are asked to
believe that somewhere after Darwin and
before now it was all figured out and
now we view the universe from a lofty
Pinnacle of integrated understanding now
the physics explains biology biology
explains culture culture explains
sociology so forth and so on well uh you
know this is uh this is really whis
whistling past the graveyard because
meanwhile the visible consequences of
this understanding are spreading chaos
dissolution of values an inability to
control technology an inability to set
reasonable political goals such as
moderation of population growth and
carry them out instead somehow this uh
deep insight into how everything Works
has left everything a mess and you know
what does that mean about us why is that
and what can be done about it well I
think the problem is that we have too
long ignored the possibility that
reality is Stranger than we can suppose
I mean let this reverberate in your mind
not that that means no model will ever
work it means it will will always be
provisional that the understanding of
what it is will always recede ahead of
any epistemic program to describe en
close explain this is all uh a fallacy
if you believe that you are embarked on
a finite project where eventually you
will issue a white paper and that will
explain how the boore ate the Cabbage
it's not to be explained
and we have uh I think because of unique
uh characteristics of the male ego
chosen to operate with the assumption
that we can understand that the human
mind can in fact grock larger and larger
levels of embeddedness and make sense of
them uh what the Psychedelic experience
number one and point of view number two
is saying is that we have the means
present at hand to completely explode
this nonsensical fiction of
certitude and yet we choose not to
confront it this is why I first proposed
calling this facing the answer because
the answer about how you understand the
universe is the same answer that you get
when you ask the question how am I to
understand my own life it can't be
understood it is a receding mystery it
is a continuing carrot it cannot be
brought under the agis of rational
apprehension it says in Mobi dick
reality outran
apprehension it always outruns
apprehension because apprehension is the
Primitive functioning of the primate ner
neural network and reality who knows who
would even care to take a guess you know
it's a it's a mystery you do not measure
the depth of a universal mystery with
the neuron network of a
primate our role is not to understand
but to
