in my what I think of as course is that
we had a symbiotic
relationship as recently as 20,000 years
ago with a vegetable mind a a a an
organized intellect a god godess a
spirit whatever you want to call it a a
a mind that was brutally truncated our
symbiotic relationship was brutally
truncated by climatological and
historical factors that caused us to
fall from that State of Grace ecological
balance symbiosis into you know the
wandering herd of car thieves that we
are and
uh our our own we our existential
discomfort our angst is a product of
this severing of our relationship to
Spirit we are the children of a
dysfunctional
relationship that we have to bring to
the surface and and you know if you are
what I imagine an ordinary person this
will begin to sound PR this will start
out sounding
Preposterous begin sounding menacing and
I hope end up convincing you uh
we are
worthless without a
stabilizing uh umbilical connection to
the Mind At Large in nature and the way
we have always achieved this is through
Shamanism natural magic and ecstasy this
is in fact what ecstasy is ecstasy is
being in the presence of the other and
the other is not a philosophical
hypothesizes notion the other
is the thing we share this planet with
that we we as a culture have not
glimpsed for a thousand years because we
retreated into walled cities and walled
languages and walled idea systems we
know where come tangential to the Flesh
of the earth when we do alone in the
wilderness uh then it overwhelms us it
moves us it terrifies us because we have
been so long away from it so this is
what the
reclamation is about the spirit is not
some Mery fairy notion floating above
everything I mean the the spirit is
something which when it enters into your
uh crosssection of reality it leaves
your knees knocking and your heart
pounding I mean the the path with heart
is the path that
astonishes and that uh that sense of
astonishment can only come from an other
from uh a lover or an other it cannot
come out of the self so is the other
questions on all of this your section
where you're covered Evolution mhm you
see you impli that this was the time to
really take some um intention with
respect to the direction of our
Evolution and I wonder if maybe that's
just an illusion whose time has
come and it's part of the illusion of
separateness and the process will go on
and this is part of the the process to
have the illusion that we actually can
play
with well we won't know till we try but
what we have very very suddenly almost
overnight put in place is number one a
entirely global system for collecting
information about reality and ourselves
we never had this before we didn't even
have it 30 years ago uh now you can find
out what's going on you can go if
necessary anywhere you need to go within
72 hours you can be on the ground almost
anywhere on Earth checking out what's
going on in the meantime uh
anthropological data sociological data
climatological data demographic data
political data defense strategy dat all
of the stuff is available we now know at
least what cards are in play and this is
the first time this has been so we are
now a global culture you know from the
rainforests of the Amazon to the Wast of
the Kalahari from gnome to Santiago it's
one family one people a a a nuclear
power explosion that happens in the
western Soviet Union is measured 2 weeks
later in Johannesburg and everywhere
else on the planet so I think we are
living under extraordinary conditions
that there are opportunities in place
the other thing is you know we're
