connecting 9 million computers a month
are being connected together now people
think that computers are Office Machines
but all of our technology is an
excretion of the imagination
all of our technology is the
condensation of ideological intention
and the fact that we now have turned our
attention to
information the true stuff of reality is
a hopeful sign for three centuries we've
been obsessed with matter we thought
that was the true stuff of reality well
it turns out that's just you know
nonsense a flawed U Phil philosophical
premise gave us this bias in favor of
materialism but with information changes
can really be made and also information
informs people uh I'm very
much uh enamored of the notion of the
meme a meme is the smallest unit of an
idea it is to ideas what genes are to
proteins genes make proteins memes make
ideas and uh the way you uh encourage a
meme is the way you encourage a protein
you replicate it there are two ways of
replicating memes you can tell somebody
and they will tell somebody or you can
tell two people you can repeat yourself
or you can tell a bunch of people and
the idea is that we are now the global
meme pool is now in place all ideas are
in
competition and it's a Level Playing
Field this is to my mind what accounts
for the overnight evaporation of
Marxism this was a meme which could not
survive on a Level Playing Field when
the playing field was leveled meaning
when a free press was
allowed that was it for that Meme that
was like you know trying to sell flying
pigs uh uh in
Brooklyn just people are too
smart so it's not going to happen so I
believe then that memes compete with
each other and that the best ones uh are
the ones which rise to the top I have a
real faith that on that ideology in this
case will mirror biology and that more
and more complex and well- adapted and
efficient and co-adaptive and mutually
self-reinforcing and uh Mutual uh
Community feedback and all of these
things that the memes which support the
which maximize these uh evolutionary
goals will fall naturally into place and
so uh the this thing which happened in
China was uh struggle about the meme
meme because
democracy is the idea that gives
permission for all the memes to compete
I mean democracy is very close to the
heart of any Anarchist you know Plato
said you can always tell a democracy
when you approach them from the sea
because Unchained dogs run on the warf
well what he was referring to was the
chaos and the disorder of democracies so
uh releasing memes into a competitive
environment is very important every
government on Earth no matter what a
bunch of repressive totalitarian
militaristic clowns they may actually be
they have to give lip service to the
idea that they support a free press and
free exchange of information and so
forth and so on the battle over that has
been won now it's about how we interpret
what we call Victory nevertheless uh as
the little people in the world I think
it behooves all of us to seek to promote
this process wherever possible if you
have a good idea say it for God's sake
say it I mean we're drowning for lack of
good ideas we need every good idea we
can get if the future is not going to be
made of good ideas it's going to be made
of bad ideas and we've seen enough of
what that can bring history is a
digression history is the briefest of
all natural phenomena it began 10 15,000
years ago and appears as though it will
quench itself within 500 years it is
obvious viously a self funneling process
that digs its walls higher and higher
because it is going towards some kind of
transcendence it is a metamorphosis it
is not a steady state history is some
kind of process balanced on a pinnacle
