frequency television we see none of this
if we had told if you had told someone
in the 1850s that in the 20th century
people would live in an ocean of
invisible vibrational energy carrying
messages over thousands of miles they
would not have believed it sheldrake is
simply saying that the part of reality
that science has hither to been unable
to account for is going to have to be
accounted for by adding a Fe fi into the
already allowed fields which are the
electromagnetic field basically the
electromagnetic spectrum well uh this
field which sheldrake wants to establish
is called a morphogenetic field it means
that somehow the history of this glass
is
attendant upon it the history of the
glass has followed it here this evening
and as has the history of the pillow and
your history and your history and that
we are in fact not uh that the past is
present in the present that in fact the
present is somehow a Cascade of effects
coming out of the past not along the
lines of causal declension cause and
effect but also in this other way
and uh I think that there's a lot to
this and I think that uh eventually
sheldrake will be heard as yet he's
unable to stride to the Blackboard and
write the equations for the
morphogenetic field but this could come
in time and when it does it will
elucidate the hidden Dimension that so
bedevils our understanding because it
will
explain why things are as they
are that they are as they are because
they are a wavefront out of the past
meeting uh the the uh boundary
constraints of the present
situation the the whole my own personal
effort to restart a dialogue on the
Psychedelic issue is because I believe
that
psychology has uh
reduced its field of uh expertise
unnecessarily by seeking to see
everything as an adjunct to the
functional or dysfunctional human
personality in other words the we don't
know what the mind is the notion that it
arises out of the brain is something
that the reductionists hypothesized with
sharington in the
20s my God they've had 60 years to make
good on this and they've gotten
nowhere you know how long do you beat a
hypothesis before you Proclaim it a dead
horse you know same thing with molecular
biology I mean DNA was decoded in
1950 35 years ago and you know has
molecular bi ology taken a significant
step S I mean yes I know about operons
and all that stuff but that's really the
details no understanding of the
mechanisms of Life have emerged out of
reductionist biology and and no
understandings of the mechanisms of Mind
thought and cognition have emerged out
of reductionist
psychology so what we're going to have
to admit and this is a tough thing but
this is what goes along with
intellectual revolutions is the
inadequacy of the present models and the
Paradigm
reformers are in for big trouble because
these paradigms can't be reformed these
paradigms have to be junked it's junk
it's worthless I mean it's fine if you
want to make fighter planes but what
does that prove about your knowledge of
the nature of being it doesn't prove
anything it's just a cultural artifact
so I think the myth that is seeking to
be born is The Rebirth of the spirit and
it's a strange thing because we all feel
it we all know it but we live in such a
topd down Ecology of knowledge that in
Time Magazine proclaims The Rebirth of
the spirit nobody's going to cop to
what's going
on yeah intuition is this same kind kind
of thing I mean the feminine is the same
thing I mean I don't want to burden this
group because you haven't stuck with me
over days and days but what I'm saying
