blue Spectrum as according to the yellow
white Spectrum each one of these things
is a way of analyzing the pattern in the
room and each one of these patterns
tells the perceiver more about what is
going on in the room because the room is
not a distribution of young people and
old people a distribution of men and
women or a distribution of garment
colors the room is a mystery a
recessional mystery that presents itself
as a series of interlocking patterns of
infinite depth
and so in building Collective
epistemologies this is what we must ask
of these epistemologies that they give
us the experience of understanding and
the experience of understanding is
largely
intuitional how much of an experience of
understanding do you have when you
examine what modern physics is saying
about the origin of the universe
I submit not much because it is so
clearly um the product of abstraction
the product of the phonetic alphabet the
male ego they've set all the interesting
stuff back in the first three minutes
who can go and look it's all stacked
against empowering the perceiver it's
all stacked against empowering the
perceiver you can't even check the
statements these people are making
making unless you happen to have a uh
$125 million colliding bevatron or
something and the understanding to use
it and interpret the results so what we
have is a priesthood off on the edge of
things propounding great profundities
that nowhere touch the heart nowhere
empower the individual nowhere
strengthen the diad or reinforce the
family or give support to the
downtrodden it doesn't seem to be about
that in other words the explanation of
the world is not a human
explanation a human explanation must
come from intuition it must come from
poetry it must come ultimately from
experience and by experience I don't
mean
uh the experimental method of science
which is that things are pulled apart
taken down to their lowest common
denominator and then
described I mean if you do that's like
that's like believing that you
understand Los Angeles if you have the
telephone
directory you know I mean this is the
level of genetics today what they they
say they understand life and they have
the telephone directory and they're
talking about Los Angeles cuz they can
look up you know where the genes are the
coding for the proteins you know does
this tell us anything about a broken
heart or a messiah or a Hitler I don't
think so so what we are trying to do is
return the focus of attention to
individual experience
we have been slaved too long to ideology
transmitted
hierarchically and based on a
tremendously alienating
instrumentality that's what science
depends on now a tremendously alienating
instrumentality what we need to do is
Empower experience well this is where
the psychedelics come in
because citizens don't take
psychedelics because it's illegal
neither do
marionet neither do
robots none of these well-b behaved and
mechanistic reductionist images of
humanity take
psychedelics because it's
misbehaving misbehaving is a great sin
in fact it's enshrined as the first sin
you'll regard that the Psychedelic issue
was there in Eden and somebody Miss
behaved and then they got tossed out
forever and their children's children
into the chaos of History it's
interesting to read in Genesis why this
was it was because they will become as
we are says yahwah they will become as
we are if they eat of the fruit of the
tree of knowledge I suggest to you that
