this is precisely what we should seek to
do and that this we is the voice of
hierarchy the voice of paternalism the
voice of the male ego finally right up
into the storm God the volcano God Who
Lies uh back there in the origins of
monotheism we Empower our experience by
insisting on our
authenticity it's a wonderful thing to
learn to be able to stand up and yell
[ __ ] it I I did it when I first when
I was about 18 years old and it was the
meme of the hour and uh it held it it
blew their minds it did blow their minds
it was
uncivil it was
uncivil it lacked
polity it was rude and crude and correct
correct because so much is being slung
and nobody is talking about the Primacy
of experience and the Dignity of the
individual the Dignity of the
individual we went a long way with this
in America before we betrayed it and it
wasn't only betrayed by the clowns in
Washington it's also betrayed by anybody
who clusters themselves around the feet
of some self-proclaimed
nabob because the fact of the matter is
nobody knows what's going on nobody
knows nobody has the faintest idea the
best guesses or lies you may be sure of
it and so to pretend that one human
being will lead another out of The Dark
Night of ignorance and Into The Shining
Light Of Truth is
ludicrous absolutely
grotesque a product of this powering of
the human image that has gone on through
several thousand years of Dominator
culture if you want a
teacher try a
waterfall or a mushroom or a Mountain
Wilderness or a storm pounded
Seashore this is where the action is
it's not back in the hive it's not in
the antill it's not knocking your head
against the floor in front of somebody
who claims that because of their lineage
and whose feet they washed and whose
feet they washed that you should give
Credence to them knowledge is
provisional and uh we we are yet to
approach even the first moment of
civilized understanding the way it is to
be done is by trusting yourself trusting
your intuition reject authority
authority is a lie and an abomination
Authority will lead you into ruin it's
not real and it isn't don't get the idea
that it's this liberal wrap about how
everybody has a piece of the action you
know the Jews know something the
Buddhists know something the whel know
something nonsense rubbish nobody knows
anything these are different kinds of
shell games that have been worked out by
Priestly casts of people to keep things
under control institutions seek to
maximize control control control that's
what they're into did you think they
were in the business of enlightening you
saving your
soul forget it control is what this is
all about and to the degree that we
commit ourselves to ideology we are
poisoned any ideology Marxism
Catholicism object activism you name it
rubbish all rubbish what is real is
experience what is real is this
moment and so then what it becomes about
is what are the frontiers of
experience how much of that has been
taken away from us by these dominators
by these priesthoods by these Cults by
these philosophical Shell Games well a
lot
that's the whole story of History our
growing unease our growing disease our
males is all about the fact that we are
kept from the Wellspring of experience
we are sexually repressed you may not
feel it but look back a hundred years to
a world where pianos wore pants you know
we maybe we've made a little progress on
the sexual thing maybe not maybe more or
less than we think but we are repressed
in all of these areas uh and we are
particularly repressed in the area that
relates to the Psychedelic experience
