doesn't have that much more to run
unless somebody begins to shake the
apple cart if we don't begin to shake
the apple cart then the apple cart is
just going to sail over the cliff and be
lost so the psychedelics are very hot in
this because they dissolve boundaries
they dissolve
assumptions and our task our being the
uh everyone who seeks
self-empowerment through experience our
task is to dissolve the assumptions of
the Dominator culture and make it
impossible for it to work this I think
is already happening we have nature on
our side you see nature is beginning to
kick up and you know it may alarm you
that they're cutting down the Amazon
rainforest but imagine
if you were the clown who owns it how
alarmed he is he sees it as an
investment he thinks he owns it and when
he sees that it's being destroyed he's
extremely alarmed the fact that nature
is itself being seen as a limited
resource is a tremendous tilt to our
side because this the provisional model
psychedelic open-ended part partnership
way of doing things is
uh the only
style that can perhaps seize the
controls of this sinking submarine and
get it back to the surface so that we
can figure out what should be done if we
continue as we have then you know we're
doomed and the Judgment of some higher
power on that will be they didn't even
struggle you know they went to the box
cars with their suitcases and they
didn't even
struggle this is too nightmarish to
contemplate we're talking about the fate
of a whole planet why are people so
polite why are they so patient why are
they so forgiving of gangsterism and
betrayal uh it's very difficult to
understand I believe it's because the
Dominator culture is increasingly more
and more sophisticated in its Perfection
of subliminal mechanisms of control and
I don't mean anything grandiose and
paranoid I just mean that through press
releases and sound bites and the
enforced idy of
Television uh the the the drama of a
Dying World has been turned into a soap
opera for most people and they don't
understand that it's it's their story
and that they will eat it in the Final
Act if somewhere between here and the
Final Act they don't stand up on their
hind legs and
howl
so this whole uh effort to bring the
Psychedelic experience back into
prominence is an effort to empower
individuals and to get them to see that
we are bled of our authenticity by
vampirish institutions that will never
of their own accord leave us alone there
must be a moment when the machinery and
the working of the Machinery becomes so
odious that people are willing to stride
forward and throw sand on the
track and uh force a re-evaluation ation
of the situation and it's not done
through organizing it's not done through
Vanguard parties or cadr of intellectual
Elites it's done through just walking
away from all of that claiming your
identity claiming your vision your being
your intuition and then acting from that
without
regret cleanly without reget
reget okay well I want to thank you all
again not only for this evening but for
the month and uh elyn is a wonderful
second home to me and my wife and my
children I'm very concerned about free
speech freedom of thought these things
are uh
endangered means esselin has always
tolerated and even encouraged me and I
think this is is extremely laudable and
brave they don't have to do that uh
somebody else could sit here and amuse
you and it wouldn't cause any ripples so
I'm very appreciative to elyn for its
commitment to free speech I'm
appreciative to you this may have
