achieve closure in the modeling process
and so then you do achieve closure but
the model is always inadequate it's
always inadequate so then there's this
sense of frustration we can't we can't
get closure with the model unless we
tell a lie unless we deny the complexity
the inter relatedness the
sness the
spirit the
mindfulness all of these things are for
science what are called uh secondary
properties they are
epiphenomenal they are
only uh an aspect of your point of view
like an
iridescence on a butterfly's wing or
something like that in fact that is the
classic reductionist definition of
Consciousness it is an
iridescence that appears on the surface
of neural processing that we mistake for
True
being and yet somehow we are embedded
within this iridescence and it is from
within this iridescence that we launch
the descriptive models that then deny
our existential validity well so this
has been a an anistic exercise is one
way of putting it and there must be
others okay so then what is the path of
intuition in relationship to Nature that
is different from the path of uh
science in way it's only a shift of
emphasis William Blake said attend the
minute
pars attend the minute
particulars this is very good uh very
good advice for Science and it is very
good advice for mathematics and what I'm
suggesting here tonight is that we have
misconstrued mathematics and have bought
the notion that it is a part of science
when actually it stands ready to empower
intuition and to sweep science if not
away at least into a more proper role
more be fitting its extremely limited
application to the higher orders of
reality that we really care about I mean
science is really uh it's the plumbing
level of reality it doesn't catch you
know the integrated nature of language
the evolution of fairy tale the Dynamics
of love affairs uh the quintessence of
Genius these are the things that as
human beings structure and constellate
and guide and inform our world and
science has nothing to say about these
things mathematics on the other hand is
like the Bedrock
celebration of these things it empowers
intuition it discovers intuition to be
the most powerful epistemic tool that we
have more powerful than induction more
powerful than deduction intuition is the
unifying of experience into a Gestalt
image of the world a coming together
within the
organism of a correct Imaging of the
world now what do I mean by correct
Imaging all I mean is a provisional
image that carries you to the next
moment this is all we can hope for at
this stage we are much more suited for
dancing than for for whatever it is that
we have been doing you know whatever it
was it wasn't dancing we are a part of
nature we are a part of light we are a
part of the energy field of the planet
we are not its Keeper in the sense that
it is not given unto us to understand it
that was all a horrible
misunderstanding the idea that we should
understand reality and then somehow make
some something of it Alfred North
Whitehead said U that understanding is
the Apperception of pattern as
such as such that's all so here we have
a room full of people well I it's a
pattern it's many patterns it's the
pattern of how men and women are mixed
together statistically as we scan from
left to right if I see a pattern there I
know something about the crowd I
understand something about the crowd the
pattern tells me something and I call
that understanding but we could analyze
the crowd from the point of view of the
distribution of young people and old
people or people in uh colors in the red
