appreciate to appreciate we have an
immense capacity for resonance with
beauty aesthetic awareness appreciation
of form appreciation of how things go
together notice this word appreciation
appreciation we need if you don't know
what's going on in a dinner at a dinner
party in a
corporation in an environment then the
best course is to keep your mouth shut
and pay attention and try to appreciate
the situation
it's ridiculous to attempt to seize the
tiller of reality because we don't even
know where we want to
go so the notion that by creating these
models of reality which are not
acknowledged as models but which are
called scientific
truth we betray ourselves down the
Primrose path that leads to dreary Dusty
death because what we do is we take the
Poetry out of being we extract The
Poetry from being by the Assumption of
the
mundane the banality of modernity is
what I call this the banality of
modernity the steady
flattening of values so that nothing
means much you know the sense of outrage
over political mistreatment of the
underprivileged or the sense of outrage
as a society slips toward the abyss or
the sense of outrage when people
mistreat you uh is
muted everything is flattened by the
banality of modernity this is the
heritage of all the bad little boys of
the 19th century Nichi and Darwin and
Hegel and schopenhauer these clowns were
on a bad trip
and they were loud about
it and what they give us is a universe
devoid of Soul Man looms larger and
larger notice the gender slant man looms
larger and larger in the picture and
what this ushers into is uh
fascism pure and simple and it's not
surprising because this calling forth of
the image of man into larger and larger
perspective has been the program of
monotheism for 3,000 years it has been a
Relentless
accentuation of the centrality of the
human image the male dominant human
image and in the in the uh
transmutation of helenistic Judaism that
becomes Christianity the final
apotheosis of this uh uh point of view
is created in the notion that man can be
God that's it and it is hailed as a
tremendous infusion of existential
validity into the human image the
greatest stride ever the greatest single
stride ever taken in the definition of
human
ontology well I would like to suggest to
you it was the greatest backward step
ever taken because what it did was it
shoved nature further and further into
the background nature is something from
which we torment her
Secrets this is Francis Bacon we we
torture nature to obtain her Secrets the
world is created for man it is for man
to remake in his image all this gender
stuff and it is uh then no wonder that
building on that Foundation 19th century
rationalism which thought it was putting
these things behind it it it conceived
itself as
anti-clerical as anti- monotheism and
Christianity in some sense and yet what
it really did was it just Stripped Away
the Baroque trappings Hans yonus was
very acute in pointing out that 3dr
century helenistic gnosticism and
hiigaran philosophy are essentially the
same thing it's just that in the in the
Gnostic recension you know you get all
these uh sexy you get demons and angels
and levels and the emanation from the
ploma and the clash of the archons Opera
Opera in the hiigaran recension they
just got en down to the nitty gritty but
the message is the same man is thrown
into the
unknown man is in the abyss lost all
meaning must come from within all order
must come from an inner Vision we are
