abandoned this is hiigaran language we
are abandon well this is permission then
for pathology
because it is a point of view purchased
at the cost of ignoring the facts of the
matter and that is in my definition a
delusion a point of view purchased at
the expense of The Facts of the matter
you know Whitehead said there are
stubborn facts you can reduce and reduce
all you want but there are certain
stubborn facts well one of them is the
Primacy of
nature a stubborn fact which was ignored
by this
tradition once nature is taken as the
ground of
being then the permission to inflate the
image of the ego is denied and I think
that this is happening globally very
slowly under pressure under duress
because our backs are to the wall we are
seeing
a planetary crisis unfold before our
eyes and you know blame has not yet come
into the rhetoric but eventually it's
going to be understood who's to blame
and it isn't the tribesmen of New Guinea
or the Indians of Siberia it is Western
male scientific
technological hubris that has claimed
Cent stage like a noisy drunk and then
just proceeded to hold us all prisoner
while it acted out a uh a process that
is rooted in its own traumatic birth in
the sundering of the symbiotic
relationship to the vegetable Matrix
that characterized uh
prehistory well so what I'm offering as
a counterpoise to that is this notion of
provision
models nature is not mute this is what
sart said nature is mute he was another
one of these people who pushed this
existential line in one form or another
nature is not mute nature is full of
affection and intentionality toward
humankind but
intuition must be given
prominence in the in the rearrangement
of our relationship with the world and I
want to I talked the other night about
uh induction and intuition and I want to
say just a little bit more about it
tonight different things science runs on
induction which is a very lowgrade form
of logic it means you do something over
and over again and if it happens the
same way a 100 times you have confidence
that the 101st time it will happen the
same way intuition doesn't work like
that intuition as I said the other night
leaves no Trail and most of us are
accustomed to thinking of intuition as
something feminine mysterious
unexplainable and uh sort of magical and
also I think because we live in a male
dominant Society we undervalue it if
someone has in if someone claims
intuition
our position is probably one of prove it
doubt in the face of the assertion you
see but there's an interesting thing
about intuition that I don't think many
people understand or have bothered to
look at which is did you know I'll bet
you did know uh mathematics is based on
intuition there's it now half of
mathematics would rise with a screech of
horror at this statement but the other
half of mathematics calls itself
intuitional
mathematics okay well now what's going
on here probably if you are not a
professional philosopher of science you
are accustomed to associating
mathematics with science rather closely
this is because science in order to give
itself
legitimacy has very slightly
appropriated m mathematics especially in
the 20th century to its
purposes but if we talk about what is
called pure mathematics which is the
great love of mathematicians the other
kind of mathematics is Applied
Mathematics and that's for engineers and
technologists and is not you know what
moves them to the edge of their chair
but if we think about um pure
