mathematics it is an activity carried on
in the mind
based on
uh deductive
truth deductive not inductive in other
words a statement is
made it can be
anything all Grays are
non-x this is just a statement we don't
yet know what this is going to be about
all Grays are
nonex all greens r f sub one what we're
putting in place are a set of statements
that appear
nonsensical but what we will assert is
that we should seek a relationship
between them and that that will then
show us something and this is how
mathematics really works it has very
little to do with number it has to do
with the conceptualizing of
relationships conceptualizing them and
then then exploring your intuition about
these
conceptions and then the third and very
late stage is you write a formal
statement of your cognitive activity
around these assumptions so you see
mathematics is entirely intuitional it
leaves no track it is drawn from this
other domain well uh why has it been
appropriated by
science well for a very funny and not
well understood reason mathematics has
been appropriated by science because
mathematics has an uncanny ability to
describe
nature completely uncanny now you may
you may have never asked yourself why is
mathematics such a powerful tool for the
description of nature maybe you thought
that somebody else can answer this and
that it's not a
problem well I've got news for you it is
a problem nobody has any good ideas
about why mathematics describes nature
but notice that mathematics is an
intuitional
activity an intuitional activity
describes nature without the
intercession of inductive
science inductive science is a kind of
naive holdover from Greek um democrati
and
theories where everything is conceived
of as clearly conceivable and operating
according to known laws but in fact the
deeper structure of nature is not
modeled out of an examination of data
obtained by
measurement that isn't how it works
these days days the deeper description
of nature is achieved by taking weird
objects from the front tiers of
mathematics these things dreamed up in
the confines and depths of the human
mind and inside computers and then
laying them over nature and seeing my
Kos there's a onetoone
correspondence between let us say uh the
uh multidimens
catastrophes described by Renee Tom and
uh the dripping of a faucet the uh
turbulence in a brook the voting
patterns in a ghetto all of these things
are seen to be easily modeled by by
extremely exotic mathematical objects
discovered through intuition within the
Mind well what does this mean well it
means if it means anything I mean before
we draw the deeper conclusion what is
the conclusion on the surface it must be
that the uned human mind is more capable
of correctly modeling nature than the
human mind that works through the
methodological inductive approach called
science and in fact this is clearly true
because the world described by science a
science ific description of this
room would say very little about all the
important things going on in it a
scientific description of this room
would leave out
personality would leave out linguistic
intent would leave out the uniqueness of
each of us for science we are merely
members of the human species again this
flattening this reduction ISM this
betrayal of the quintessence of the
phenomenon in a desperate effort to
