kind of tuning thing that needs to go on
I um
you know possibly with technology I had
a really weird experience years ago uh I
took LSD one evening with a bunch of
people and it was fairly casual and
social and smoked a bunch of weed and
just went on for a couple of hours and
it didn't really ever seem to come on it
just seemed to be very light and then I
climbed on my uh motorcycle and went
home and decided I would go to bed and I
decided that I would smoke one last
joint before going to bed and I had one
of those standup electrical resistance
heaters that you get
in uh at the Salvation Army you know if
you're a poor student and I said so I
turned it on as I started to smoke this
joint and it it was badly wired and it
made this sound
like
and as I began to listen to this sound I
I like went to lizard
land and I entered into this completely
coherent thing which lasted for hours
about this world inhabited by these
intelligent reptilian beings and we went
through their art their history their
theories of jewelry making their
philosophy their polity their science
their religion their fashion their and
it was like endless endless stuff about
this very specific uh reptilian World
well then later I tried again I took LSD
with my arm around my heater and had by
then been preaching it in the streets
that this was the and I could never
really find my way uh back you know
which is a typical phenomenon of high
higher dimensional phase space Ralph
taught me you know doing the reverse of
what you did doesn't steer you back to
where you started you have to find your
way forward uh through the Matrix
um other things
comments this is your last crack at me
you have to get your money's worth
talked about making language like noises
on a DN trip and creating things for
noises does it seem like the things that
you're creating are like the things that
they're creating or that there's any
sort of communication going on they
understand kind of stuff that you're
creating with your
voice well it's a complicated question
uh first of all clearly what's going on
in the DMT is some kind of
sinesia where ordinary speech or speech
or sound is
perceived
visually
um it it seems to suggest and Robert
Graves wrote about this in an amazing
book which if you want a mindbending
read read the white goddess by Robert
Graves I mean this is truly a puzzling
book and after you've read it give me a
call and tell me what it's all about um
but one of the things it's all about is
He suggests that part of our existential
distancing from reality is that at some
time in the past there was a kind of
urbach a kind of Primal poetic language
that you didn't
learn from your culture but that all
human beings did this it was an
ingrained Behavior it was a deeper level
of language and of course in the Bible
you get this curious story of the
confusion of tongues that takes place
and it certainly has held human progress
down that we have thousands of languages
that are very tortuous to translate
between imagine the kind of culture we
would have built by now if we could
effortlessly communicate with everybody
anywhere and they with us well so the
the this sinesia thing seems to be the
direction in which language has to go in
order to be Universal it has to be
beheld acoustical signals uh don't do it
one of the things that's made iasa so
interesting to me is when you go down
there and really get off River and up
with the more bareass people uh they how
they use zasa is they entertain each
other with it by singing These magical
songs but when you listen to them talk
