it's still here
yeah
yeah well let's not get too wild and wly
um this structure had to be
valued and the way I did it was I broke
it down into its
components and then assigned value to
them and we were looking at quantifying
things like skew degree of
parallelism distance between the two
sides overlap congruency things like
that um so we Quantified everything and
I started from the bottom and I began
valuing it and out here I began getting
a a wave which I int you could
intuitively see was in fact the
mathematical equivalency to this and I
proceeded and it was all working and
then I got to position
32 and the entire thing fell to Pieces
it didn't work anymore and I was
completely puzzled because I was very
satisfied with the first 32 values but
after that I could see that it was
garbage and so then I
uh noticed that this part of the
wave is the same as this part of the
wave and this this so I in instituted a
new rule or I added a rule to take care
of this symmetry
crossover and I changed the
signs of the quantification values as I
crossed the midpoint here and then it
worked and what Watkins objects to is
this switch in sign as we crossed the
midpoint uh now Watkins is an algebris
and my approach to this thing was
largely
geometric uh I believe that I have
answered this
objection uh because and how I do it and
you can see it at the website if this is
your me I I show that without the change
of
sign uh the these places where it is
parallel and congruent and
overlapping do not quantify to
zero and the the total intuition of the
thing from the GetGo was these places
where it all falls into congruency will
quantify to zero and they do quantify to
zero if you make this switch here so
this is all graphically represented at
the website and I I believe although
Watkins terrified me but I believe I've
got him stying on this which it's good
thing because it's a hole in the heart
if he were right it would be a hole in
the
heart but he's not right now the second
half of the Watkins objection is
slightly more difficult to deal with
because it but it's also slightly less
powerful and it is that he has written
the
equation that generates the data points
that generate the fractal that we looked
at last night and uh the the equation is
a
mess it's just a huge messy thing and so
he he is saying it it is too messy this
cannot possibly be the Bedrock of nature
if this is the Bedrock of nature then
Mother Nature is an hysterical alcoholic
neurotic living in the mission who wears
fuzzy white uh bedroom slippers and
stays indoors all day watching daytime
TV uh but I
say
that perhaps algebra is not perhaps this
looks messy algebraically but there may
be another way to do it that is very
elegant because the way I conceived it
it felt elegant at every point it is
elegant but the equation is not elegant
and so
uh and but let me say Elegance is a
relative Point uh but still among
mathematicians this is a very big deal
so we'll see I I'm not disturbed by all
this 25 years I promulgated the time
wave and nobody ever said anything other
than but it was mighty peculiar or they
signed on completely so finally here
comes somebody who says well no my dear
fellow there appear to be some problems
here well I don't think any idea can
conquer the intellectual Universe
without meeting its critics headon so
here is one and thank God for it this
