images there are destroying images there
are sickening images there are toxic
images and uh you can bet which are
being perved uh in the mass culture
because uh the purpose of capitalism is
to imprint its products in your mind and
shock is an excellent way to do it and
the two areas where as a primate you can
be gotten at most quickly is in the area
of sex and violence and so these themes
for commercial purposes are just played
like crazy so my response to all of this
is to ur is to say it's a meme war is
what it is it's a a struggle over how
shall the world be seen and felt and as
long as you're just consuming the memes
coming down through the toxic
distribution system you're a victim and
a mark and so what we have to do is
produce produce send stuff up the wire
and that's why I think the web is so
fascinating and as I said I think of it
as a 60 million Channel
TV and uh so whatever your bent is you
should put your message out there and uh
we should all produce as much art as
possible I mean I think the Leisure and
the Indulgence that is permitted us the
super rich of this world and we all are
in that class the upper 5% of the
Earth's population uh you can't live
with yourself unless you give something
back and the thing to give back is share
your art share your soul the reason we
are so controlled and abused and misused
by our institutions is because we are
divided from each other you know they
have divided Us by Race by class by sex
by political style all of these ways
when in fact you know it's in
everybody's interest to have a future to
build a world where children can be uh
raised with some reasonable expectation
that social you know Humanity will be uh
preserved so these mass
media uh things radio television and
newspapers that have Arisen in the last
couple of hundred years this is where a
very small group of people uh literally
set the agenda for millions and millions
of people it's called top down or one to
many
communication uh what the web holds out
is this thing called any to any
communication you and I can form a
secret society we can form a secret
society of 10 people I can send email to
10,000 people if I want uh the playing
field has been tremendously leveled and
then the quality of what we produce can
tip the balance still further uh so I
think uh and the tools that are put in
our hands now uh you know director
Photoshop all of these things uh make it
possible to communicate outside of these
print created monolithic institutions we
can't really even imagine a world like
that uh there hasn't been a world like
that since late Roman times I mean the
Roman hemony was quite cohesive
but you know if you were living in a
village in Armenia ruled by the Roman
procurator it wasn't touching you very
uh very uh heavily and I think what
people the the idea of the
citizen uh is arguably toxic the idea
that we all are participating in some
enormous poity uh works against
individualism I mean if you try to nail
me to my politics people can't figure
out whether I'm a right-winger a left
Wier or what I am I'll tell you straight
out I'm an
anarchist I am an absolute Anarchist I
mean I believe in people more than
abstractions or institutions I will
always rely on people I you know to a
level perhaps uncomfortable for you I
remember back in the 60s my line was if
you come upon a mob you must
join because the people understand far
more than you do about what is going on
and that kind of radical commitment to
Freedom is going to be necessary uh to
dismantle these uh very very rigid power
structures that are you know being
shoved down everybody's throat and so
the new culture I think is a is a
dispersed virtual culture on the
internet that is not product oriented
