and then you know it shunts you into the
yawning grave but if you can somehow
realize that the purpose of your
existence is to figure it out and then
figure it out uh you will be in some
sense liberated from it there's a
wonderful science fiction story that I
remember from years and years
ago I can't remember the name of it but
it's by uh Robert H
and it's about a man who uh he's some
kind
of commuter some DED but as he leaves
his house one morning on a way to his
daily job he looks down at the edge of
his
lawn and a worm crawls out of the ground
that has these golden pearlescent
wings and it flies off and it's just
this completely improbable thing like a
hallucinate
ination and then later in the day uh and
he says to himself it's an angel worm
it's an angel worm and then later in the
day something else happens I can't
remember and then later in the day
something else equally improbable and in
the evening he's sitting considering
these three unlikely things and he
realizes that the
eat has slipped in the
Cosmic Book and that he was supposed to
see an angle Worm but he saw an angel
worm because the E had jumped position
in the line of type that was describing
what was going on and then he begins to
pay more and more attention and he
realizes then that he can find these
typographical errors in
reality uh well I only like the story
for the idea that the the world is made
of elements that are completely hidden
from us and don't betray themselves
unless there's a glitch in the assembly
languages in the deeper levels of the
system and that's the resent Detra for
probing The Edge because those are like
uh Benchmark tests for the cybernetic
system we're in you know you want to
push it to the limit of course the
system can add two and two but you know
can it carry out these complex factorial
processes where if we're being shucked
and jived it might betray
itself so uh the technique then is to
keep
uh keep looking
for just a [ __ ] in the door just one
way in and psychedelics are it as far as
I can tell and then of course some
psychedelics uh more than others but
more and more I have this
intuition that the world is like a
literary construction of some sort that
this this is much more like a novel than
it is like the world of physics and
entropy and equilibrium that we're
cheerfully assured we should believe it
is because what we feel in our own lives
I think is the Invisible Hand of an
author moving us to this affair this
decision to move this career choice this
drug trip uh uh so forth and so on I
mean uh it it is a very authored feeling
to reality and uh it
hints that as it says in Mobi dick all
visible things are but as pasteboard
masks if you would strike strike through
the
mask and similarly obsessed and
transcendental
uh
ravings I just saw m dick recently I I
knew that Ray Bradbury had done the
screenplay and I I it's brilliant but
what I had forgotten was that John
Houston was the
director God it's amazing I mean it's
not nothing like the book but for a
flick it's pretty
good yeah I can you say a few words on
what watch
how what his objection or what his
argument to
time yeah he his there are really in a
sense two Watkins objections one is very
specific uh and perhaps hard to
understand in this context but it's that
as the that structure that I showed you
last night that had the um um well maybe
