about these songs they speak of them as
pictorial and sculptural objects like if
somebody sings a song and then there
it's time for comment people say things
like I liked the part with the silver
and yellow stippling but I thought the
olive drab section with the m
punctuation was a bit over the top you
say you know this is a criticism of a
song what kind of song could that
possibly be well it turns out the sound
is the carrier wave but the song is to
be looked at and uh the sense of one
person producing a reality which
everybody else is then immersed in and
seeing and you can experiment with iasa
and it's very precise it's very precise
I mean you just you
go and a turquoise line 3 in wide uh
descends from the top of your vision
field to the bottom and then you
slightly vary the tone and it gets a
magenta Edge on both sides and then and
you begin to pump it and experiment and
it's like wow what is this and uh
extremely satisfying now the question of
meaning is a a strange one it's almost
as though you know all some people
believe all translation is
lie in other words that when you take PR
out of his French and put him into
English this is not PR at all and this
seems very true in the DMT state in the
sense that that the DMT language has
meaning and you understand its meaning
when you're there but the meaning of the
DMT language can't be expressed in
English at all it's like they're talking
about they were born and raised in
different dimensions or something there
is no
translation so you come out of the DMT
thing understand understanding something
which you can't
say and that's been the motivation of my
whole public speaking life the fact that
I understand something that I can't
say yeah but I can almost say it and
some days closer than others and so
there's this constant reaching for the
Unspeakable wienstein talked about uh
the Unspeakable which was he said
everything which lay beyond what he
called the present at
hand uh so we're embedded in this uh
Matrix of unspeakability and then
through language we send probes into it
foray toward meaning in the Unspeakable
and then return with this sense of
meaning but meaning is very provisional
it is basically as white had brilliantly
understood a
feeling meaning is a
feeling uh no matter how abstract the
meaning may be It ultimately is a
feeling of
recognition Terence my my brother um
studied with marishi for a couple years
in Switzerland and he he tells me that
Sanskrit and as it was originally meant
to be has a sound and sense component to
it that that um
is maybe analogous to that uh that
fundamental language that he talks about
I'm not saying that it's it that that's
the fundamental language but he he's
reported to me that if done right and it
was only done out loud back in the old
days that there was it was int to me
what you heard was what it was that the
feeling was in the sound yeah well I've
spent a fair amount of time not recently
but I remember it pretty well studying
uh
Indian thought about sound and it is a
very profound and deeply worked out
system and it is definitely analogous to
all of this uh in the chakri system
which you're familiar with adnasium I'm
sure uh but a part that is not normally
stressed but is very present in the
original texts is the idea that on the
the Petals of these floral internal
floral analogical structures are
letters and this is an extremely
peculiar Doctrine letters which are
sounds uh seed mantras and of course
viic metaphysic is a whole theory of
vibration
much of Indian classical music you know
