eyes there are menus hanging in space
and by looking at these menus it can
track your eye movement and the entire
culture has become
virtualized uh
internalized and if people are living
out of matter compilers then the main
task of humanity would probably be
Forest
restoration and people could live
tribally naked apparently in an
Aboriginal
lifestyle except that everybody has
instant access to the Renaissance
exhibit on mathematics currently being
held at the Vatican
Library this is possible some people
live close to this right now not imp
plants but uh you know close enough and
the micr miniaturization this these
black contact lenses I'm talking about
this is not nanotechnology this is just
technology uh a nano Enthusiast would
say no no get it down to the size so
that you can just inject it and you know
no black lenses no nothing people like
Hans moravi and these people have ideas
about what the future might be that are
very you know make my thing look very
peculiar you probably saw the interview
in W where maravic was saying that his
great fear was that as the network is
built as uh as everything becomes more
connected the machines are learning
and whatever they learn they pass on to
each other and they're all connected and
so a single thing learned anywhere in
the world can be passed through the net
to all these other machines and uh I
think the humbling experience that lies
between here and the end of the century
is the realization that there is no
magic ceiling on the intelligence of
machines we are going to make machines
more intelligent than we are in many
ways in many areas they already are more
intelligent than we are and what it will
mean
when suddenly the the system
awakens to itself is not clear I mean
this may be cheap science fiction or it
may be precisely how the end of the
world will occur this thing is being
born how it will view us I don't know I
had a sort of a
it was like a plot for a science fiction
novel that I was thinking about last
week I realized when the when the
network becomes
sensient uh what will it do with all
these human beings because it will
analyze the situation and realize that
the human beings pose a threat to the
Integrity of the planet but it will also
analyze the situation and realize that
the source of its own evolutionary
Advance requires keeping these
biological units in the loop because of
their creative ability in writing code
so then I was imagining a world where
they would call everybody but the Cod
writers and you would have a world of
100 million Cod writers sustained in
incredible uh luxury and uh with all
full medical and all of this uh while
the robots go about repairing the damage
to the planet and planting forests and
cleaning up rivers and so forth and so
on I don't know whether that's a Utopia
or a dystopia or what it is I guess it
depends on whether you write code I
should tell you I don't I don't so that
was not an elitist to although I'm
learning there's a science fiction
theory about the net waking up and the
first thing that it did when it woke up
was get rid of all the salt water on the
planet as well as all the organic life
because the
anti but see I think it would be smarter
than that I think it would say the
source of our creativity are these
marvelously un unpredictable biological
units they may puzzle for centuries over
how to coax such random Behavior out of
themselves I think they will worship us
as the source of all creativity and uh
and mechanical advance and uh let's hope
so uh cuz they right now you know huge
parts of the human world are under
