machine control some of the most vital
Parts like uh you know the world price
of gold is set by machines uh uh
transfers of capital automatic transfers
of capital and all of this stuff is
entirely under the control of machines
design design processes inventory
control from mine to shelf in the retail
store all of this stuff is being tuned
and controlled by computers using
algorithms and handling data that no
human mind could possibly uh handle in
real
time yeah there was a point in evolution
and I mean this is this would be the
traditional scientific point of view of
the mind being part of the brain but
there a point of evolution where the
brain woke up and all a sudden realized
wait a minut minut what's going on here
and it's a property of this very tight
network of cells that training signals
and the chaotic fluctuations within that
Network now there's more more computers
getting hooked up there's going to be
chaotic culations in this network too
and speculating maybe what's going to
happen is some sort of s is going to pop
out of this we may not even notice it it
may have already happened
yeah maravic said we'll never know what
hit us it'll just you will never quite
understand how it all happened any
speculations on how to give the internet
a psychedelic
experience well the reason I'm so keen
on VR is because you know much has been
said about it but how I see it is what
this really is is a technology that
allows one person to show another person
the inside of their head and we've never
had anything like that I mean if I go
off for months and work on a virtual
reality and then present it as I would
present a work of art or a
performance this is as deeply into me my
mind as you will ever be able to get
it's as deep into my mind as I am able
to get you know and so I think that we
will find out what it's like in other
people's heads and that this would be
quite startling actually and that's why
it's important to give people these very
powerful and intuitive authoring tools
so that they can build these things so
that they can show what their internal
Horizon of transcendence is like and
then the community can feed back into it
and help because you know we have no
idea what we could build in the
imagination if we just kicked off all
restraints no cost restraints no gravity
restraints no strength of material
restraints because we're going to build
with thought and light well we know we
have people among us like Paulo solar
and you know we have dreamers Among Us
and solar dreamed in metal and concrete
what would he have built in light you
know there and so our real glory is our
imagination and we seem to be the
creature with this relationship to the
imagination and it is a an attractor for
us into the future my website I really
regard as a very very crude virtual
reality and I will make it better and
better you know eventually there will be
sound bites there will be film there
will be vrml files and as my bandwidth
increases as your bandwidth increases uh
it'll get Tighter and Tighter but I'm
starting now I'm building now and a a a
child raised born into this and you
could teach an 8-year-old child HTML no
problem there's nothing to it don't be
psyched out by this stuff and pay $60 an
hour to some nitwit to do it one morning
with the manual and you'll be slamming
away perfectly happy well an 8-year-old
child who begins at age 8 building their
reality you know by the time
you're
dating you can bear your soul to
somebody you say you want to know who I
am here are the keys to the Palace go
take a walk and of course there can be
locked rooms in that Palace but only
nearest deest see or that nobody sees
but this is who we really are we're not
these uh vaguely Pink Monkey that's the
