there's stories about musicians who
could cause buildings to burst into
Flame by the power of their playing I
imagine that that's in some sense uh
true if you're interested in a
fascinating study of all this that I've
never heard anybody recommend in the new
age it's apparently somehow out of their
scope it's a book by Arthur Avalon
written in the 20 called the Garland of
letters uh and it's a discussion of the
Mantra
shastra very very interesting and yes
the vadic assumption is that Sanskrit is
the Primal revealed language and that
the there are extremely special
qualities
Associated uh with that language this is
interesting to talk about or at least
it's very interesting to me uh
as you probably know
cabalism uh there is a whole schools of
hidic
mysticism where what it's about is the
alphabet and the Hebrew alphabet for
those people is the Primal Orbach and
these are not simply letters they are
the letters they are the letters that
God intended to use to signify uh the
presence of the of uh the D- D to man
um very interesting work on this by Stan
Canon who's a fascinating figure sort of
like me in a way I mean I think half
crackpot half hopefully something else
uh but Stan has created a
three-dimensional object a
sculpture which when
illuminated with a bright source of
light
in a series of predict from a series of
predictable points casts Shadows of all
of the Hebrew
letters do you understand what's
Happening Here It means that this object
is a higher dimensional analog to the
entire Hebrew alphabet that you could
think of the Hebrew alphabet as a object
in hyperspace slice it this way Alf this
way bet this way you know and so on I
told Ralph about this uh Abraham and he
said W no problem we could write a
computer program but could take the
letters of any language and backward
engineer it upward to a higher Dimension
to get an object that would do that for
sanscrit for English
for Arabic whatever
and that seemed astonishing to me and
then he said and you know what we could
do once we had achieved that we could
take those probably uh five-dimensional
objects and we could do the
calculation up to uh eight or nine or 10
dimensions and we would eventually end
up with an object that shed the letters
of all alphabets into low four
dimensions according to the angle of its
regarding well this kind of thing raises
the hair on the back of my neck we're
actually getting somewhere folks uh and
this sounds to me like God in some sense
I mean I guess it's God to a print head
it's God as the Fountain Head of all
alphabetical and glyphic signification
of meaning as it pours uh through the
Universe very very interesting concept I
ran across a passage recently that I was
completely startled by it's in Herman
Melville's book Marty which is his
youthful travel journals so around the
South Seas before he got into the big
guns and but at one point in Marty
there's a discussion among some seamen
on the deck of a ship about the future
and and one of them is asking you know
what is the what does it mean what is
the future and this Seaman looks up and
he says the future is all
hieroglyphics very very preing comment
because as we see we now know we are
code we are DNA code we're about to
build a civilization made of code in
vrml and we are learning uh you know
languages like Pearl and
C++ and so in a sense the future is all
hieroglyphic the world is all deception
it's some kind of a Coan or a problem or
a labyrinth or a thing to be seen
through and if you don't figure it out
you would take it to be real
