if I continue to evolve and change and I
feel there's been a kind of looping for
a while so if I disappear off the grid
until
2005 then I'll be I'll be back for the
last act uh I'm sure unless of course
fate drops the cosmic safe on my head
there's always
that the cosmic an
yes to disperse well that's an
interesting question are the cities
saving the planet or are they killing
the planet and you could hold a
conference with the best Minds in the
world and not be able to figure it out
the cities are keeping people
confined and you know but the
environmental destruction isn't that a
million people move on to a rainforest
it's that three ranchers decide to clear
100,000 acres population problems are
more in the line of toxic pollution and
that sort of thing
um yeah I mean I I don't know where
where it's all going it's very clear we
have engineered ourselves into a very
narrow neck and what frightens me is I'm
completely convinced that you don't have
to put much pressure on any
society and the first thing that goes
are democratic freedoms you know long
before cannibal tribes Will Rose the
streets and any of those you know crazo
cybertech hell Futures come to be long
before that there'll just simply be no
more democratic rights and we'll all be
marching to the tune of of some ideology
being handed down from above that's very
dangerous uh maybe there are
technological fixes you know one thing
we haven't talked about here but that is
interesting and you certainly should be
aware of it is
nanotechnology do you all know what that
is uh the the Holy Grail of the
nanotechnologists is something called a
matter compiler well this is almost like
pure magic a matter compiler is
something that does to
objects what a silicon Graphics
workstation does to images in other
words uh the matter compiler is like a
computer except that the program it runs
is in three dimensions and it makes
things and it makes them out of sludge
basically it just needs a rich source of
carbon nitrogen hydrogen so forth and so
on seaf Flor sludge will do fine and uh
the people who are enthusiasts for this
Envision literally feeding China
out of matter compilers they're saying
we could abandon agriculture within 50
years abandon it Outlaw it if you wish
uh and uh and have a population of 10
billion now this is something we had
contemplated that somehow we could be
cheated of judgment that we could be so
clever that we could actually keep this
Con game going doing another few
Centuries with a trick like the matter
compiler is it a good thing is it a bad
thing what would it mean if you're
interested in all of this read Neil
Stephenson's novel The Diamond age you
know these nanotechnological machines
will be made of diamond that's the
natural substance the easiest thing to
uh make them out of and they will be in
the air and in the water and in your
body and they will be invisible
and they will
be and this whole debate about natural
and artificial and all of that will just
be retired to the philosophy Department
because uh everything will be permeated
with these Nas sit sites and
uh I think there's a future in all of
this I think culture has to become
virtual it has to the machines must
disappear they must become very very
small they don't have to be given up
right now if we
spent half a trillion dollars moving in
a certain
direction well before 2012 we could
produce a technology of um what I call
the black contact lenses they look like
contact lenses but they're implants in
your eyelids not on your eye but they're
in your eyelid and when you close your
