means that the idea is reaching a new
level of maturity and Watkins was not
did not come to me as a Critic he came
to me as a we were going to do some work
on the wave involving the search for
high prime numbers and then we went
through the manual together and he said
you know your theory is becoming very
well known but your language is very
imprecise from the point of view of a
professional mathematician so let's go
through and I as a
licensed practitioner of the art will
bring your language into congruence with
the style of the field and this will
make you much more credible but then as
we started through it together he began
saying under his breath oh dear oh
dear
and so now we'll uh see but out of this
came for the first time Watkins is the
first person who ever wrote the equation
that generates the data points you see
all these other people Peter Broadwell
Peter Meyer Billy Smith uh Leonard burn
all the people who worked on it in the
original phase used the 384 data points
that I presented them with that was the
boil down of this quantification process
once you have the 384 data point points
the algorithm is robust it's been gone
over with a fine- tooth comb by the
finest Minds on the planet it's okay but
those early stages on the way to the 384
data points only my Hatchet marks show
through the woods and God knows if you
know me you know I could easily [ __ ] up
so uh it's it's very important for
people to go over it and if any of you
are m mathematicians or simply motivated
toward this why check it out
uh it's a very curious thing I mean my
whole life and the life of my brother
have been shadowed by these revelatory
events that we didn't really well I
guess that's a bit over we asked for it
but we never knew we would get it in
such Spades last week was the 25th th
anniversary of the experiment at Lera
and basically it's a trip that still
goes on we never came down now I've
given up on coming down I'm just hoping
that if nothing happens in 2012 I'll
have a few good years of penitent
meditation ahead of me know what I mean
I'm sure you do know what I

mean you have a little different plan on
that we
writing but but I took it um kind of to
The Logical
extreme and said let's make it readily
available so that anybody with with 50
cents in a microwave oven can can do
it yeah well I think an excellent
strategy for changing the climate of
attitude toward these things is for
people to just grow stuff grow plants
grow mushrooms and and they it just over
this is happening I think you know the
whole idea of of drug suppression was
based on the very naive notion that
there were only a few drugs to suppress
and now you know there are thousands and
there will be thousands more and a lot
of people who never take exotic drugs or
would dream of attending a thing like
this are perfectly aware of what a
racket all this is and how it's just
being used how mafias and governments
are basically in business together you
know the governments repress it that
drives the price up the mafias deal it
and kick back to the governments for the
favor of repressing it and all the rest
of us are supposedly not to know that
this is going
on one of the oldest cons
around well my attitude like media is a
big issue obviously and my attitude
toward all of that is the culture is
toxic like here's the thing like
probably esselin is the place where the
idea was
born uh that there are healing images
that you can heal your body and your
mind through the images that you hold in
your head but I never heard a really
intelligent discussion of the
implication of that if there are healing
