it's
Aesthetics should rule the world and the
best ideas should win and but we all
have to stop being consumers we have to
redefine really who we are it's a much
more
courageous
role I you know I'm about 18 months ago
I moved to Hawaii and I've lived in
Hawaii off and on many times it was not
unfamiliar to me
but living off the grid but with the net
but you know 10 seconds away from climax
Hawaiian rainforest so I can always push
back from my desk and just take a walk
in the woods I realize I think this is
how people are supposed to live
dispersed over the surface of the Earth
very little moving around vehicular
travel is uh less and less
defensible uh offgrid solar electric
information based and virtual community
that no one can uh track or criticize
because it's all going on on the grid uh
I think if you're smart you should buy
real estate in extremely remote areas
because soon there will be no remote
areas from the point of view of the net
and uh
uh
just a very different kind of world is
coming into being it's not a good time
for organizations for massive
hierarchical structures that depend on
managerial control and they know it uh
you know it's interesting that
corporations you know don't seek to grow
to the size of Nations because it's
highly inefficient you know no
Corporation has a welfare class built
into it you know what Corporation has a
component inside itself that it sends
out checks to every month for not
working well the executive class that's
the answer to that we're not supposed to
say
that this no let me start there's more
to you there is a lot more to you than
your
ideas and all I get on the
CRT is your
ideas I mean
I've read your book for 2 years and this
weekend with you is worth hundred reads
of your books to me in terms of seeing
who is the man behind the words and how
is your energy constructed and there's a
difference of being inside your field in
this room than there is talking to you
via email there is a
difference well I agree there's a
difference but see you see me is uh hope
for the future and they'll me things
better than that in other words what I
want to end with is
telepresence I agree there's you can
nothing will ever substitute for the one
onone thing but on the other hand you
know we had to fly a
747 here I mean we had to just outrage
the environment and assert ourselves as
part of that 2% class of planetary
controllers that r around in those
things and it's completely contradictory
to everything I say and believe to
travel around talking to groups of 30 40
50 or even 500 uh people it's a paradox
I don't know exactly how to handle it
maybe it's okay to live with the with
Paradox but I am I can feel in my own
life that
um I'll be 50 in November
and I can feel that there's a choice
ahead of me which is I can continue to
do this forever at the expense of my own
personal advancement into these very
Mysteries we're talking about or I can
knock this off figure I've said
everything I have to say 10,000 ways
10,000
times cancel all visitors and begin to
brew and cook and take and fly and
understand and move into it again but
you cannot be a public figure and a
practicing Alchemist I don't think um so
I I think it's fairly clear what my
choice is going to be or I wouldn't be
building a house you can't find anywhere
uh but that's all right I mean the only
way I'm really useful to the society is
