ing on
telepathy uh there would be much less
noise in the system much less uh wasted
effort and so
on and I think the you know the
psychedelics have always existed there
as a model for where technology could go
I mean technology seems to have only two
real uh places that it can go it can go
toward
lethality weaponry or
entertainment and you know between those
two we've got the hydrogen bomb I think
we need to proceed further along that
and all the delivery systems and all the
other forms of weapons not nuclear the
disease bombs and so forth and so on
people say well entertainment is Trivial
well it in this culture a reasonable
statement but uh really entertain ment
is communication of social values from
one person and institution to another
there's no sin in being interesting
which is all entertainment refers
to so where does this leave you anybody
anything
not yeah well I I kind of see
psychedelic this kind of the organic
balance to the technical age
um it seems to me that um in
psychedelics it gives you that um that
time to to assimilate what you don't
have to assimilate is society is rapidly
changing we're not being allowed to
organically just assimilate all this new
knowledge and acquire all this new
information at a human type of level but
with psychedelics it seems to me it it
gives us u a balance a area that we can
um turn into and understand the new
technology without being
completely
um bottled by it yeah what I hear you
saying is it's a kind of a benchmark in
to measure these things against yeah I
agree um because
psychedelics synergize creativity and
because we happen to be in a highly
technical Society much of the creativity
synergized by psychedelics turns into
code or or
Hardware um that's just a circumstance
of the time we live in I don't see these
things as at all opposed to each other I
sort of see them as the female and male
side of the same
intent in other words uh the
psychedelics have always been here so in
that sense the internet has always been
here I mean essentially what Shamanism
is is Aboriginal use of the natural net
is one way of thinking of it they seem
to transcend local time and space they
seem to recover
information not available locally uh
but the rise of Technology then allows
the male engineering mentality to mirror
nature and the exciting thing about
nanotechnology is this is how nature
does it nature builds from atoms up and
that's how the nanotechnologists
proposed to do it so in a sense we've
reached Bedrock uh there's no there
there are no there are there this is uh
we're in the ballpark now this is the
ballpark where Mother Nature plays and
we're trying out for the team uh Beyond
nanotechnology it's very hard to imagine
any sort of Technology at least any
Technology based in matter and
interestingly the drugs are very much
like Nano machines and in a sense when
nanotechnology writes its own history it
will probably look back back to
pharmacology and to molecular biology as
its parental
Sciences uh because what is the
designing of a drug but the building of
a nano machine you know the drug is
designed to go in there to locate the
receptor to insert itself into the
receptor site to affect the electron
flow or open the membrane or whatever
it's supposed to do and this is
precisely nanot
technology
um well I think we're winding down here
um I I think it's amazing that you can
keep my attention for 8 hours in a row I
don't think anybody can keep me focused
