grasslands and nutrition pressure their
ordinary diet of fruit and insects was
being um restricted they began exploring
this new environment of the
grasslands and this is the era of
knuckle walking turning into
bipedalism it's the era of the
coordination of binocular vision so
forth and so on there was a paper
published recently which anticipates my
point but I can't wait to hit you with
it it a paper published recently about
canopy dwelling monkeys who only leave
the canopy for the acquisition of one
particular food and the food they will
come to the ground for and risk
predation is
mushrooms
so it seems perfectly reasonable to
suggest that our remote ancestors
exploring the new environment of the
grasslands would have encountered
as you would if you were to go to the to
the tropics uh psilocybin containing
mushrooms growing in the dung of cattle
many dung growing so-called citic citic
mushrooms produce
psilocybin among them staria cubensis
which is one of the largest and pandemic
distributed of these mushrooms I'm sure
that our early ancestors also tested
other kinds of food they were testing
everything uh they were digging for
corns with pointed sticks uh and I'm
sure there were
many ecological and medical disasters as
a consequence of this for instance uh
the birth control steroids in modern
birth control pills are produced by
dasara Vines grown on plantations in
Mexico well dasara is the family of uh
sweet
potatoes imagine a a hungry band of
primates that come upon a patch of sweet
potatoes that are heavy in these
steroids it would raise holy Havoc with
their reproductive cycle it would
interfere with menstruation ovulation
lactation fertil
and uh you
know human genetic history is the story
of many such uh encounters with
mutagenic influences in the environment
most of them catastrophic detrimental
lethal but in some few cases there would
have been uh solitary results advantages
conferred upon the animals that accept
the these new foods into their food
chain and and I want to particularly
emphasize Simon because I believe it's
the key you see we're looking for some
kind of factor which could have
exploded the human brain size at a rate
10 times faster than Evolution normally
takes place so it's going to be an
unusual situation perhaps the need to
throw a boulder distance accurately or
perhaps contact with an unusual food
item or drug containing plant but it was
something unusual if it weren't unusual
it wouldn't have taken this planet a
billion and a half years to bring forth
its first intelligent
species well so let's look at psilocybin
then in a little more
detail it has a number of properties not
specifically related to its
psychoactivity that make it an ideal
candidate for a catalyst for the
emergence of Consciousness in an
advanced
animal first of
all and at the early stage of human
invasion of this new grassland
environment Proto hominid Invasion I
should say uh we were testing Foods we
would certainly have tested this food
I've seen these things the size of
dinner plates in the Amazon after a rain
and they are silvery with blue and
purple shading they are the most
dramatic thing in the environment
whether you know anything about them as
as psychoactive agents are not certainly
they would have been tested for food
I've seen Chim um baboons in
Kenya investigating cow pies and
flipping the over because Beetle grubs
Nestle underneath them so cowp Pi are a
natural Vector for Hungry baboons so
