that everything is in place it's it's
trivial to suggest otherwise I would
maintain
okay the first quality of psilocybon
which isn't specifically related to its
psychoactivity is that in small doses
doses that are the kind you might obtain
if you were just sort of eating it along
with little Roots Grassroots small bugs
so you know so forth and so on visual
Acuity is
improved specifically Edge
detection is
improved well now it seems to me you
don't have to be a rocket scientist to
figure out that if you're in a highly
competitive evolutionary environment in
grassland an environment characterized
by large Predators hunting cats and also
characterized by small ulet prey that
having an increased sensitivity to Edge
movement might make the difference
between whether or not you live to tell
the tale or you become somebody's dinner
or it would certainly make the
difference between going home
empty-handed and taking dinner home
with you so a factor which enhanced Edge
detection on those animals accepting
that food supply into their food chain
they would have uh a slightly increased
chance of evolutionary success as
opposed to the non-soy members of their
group and this increased hunting uh
success would tend to outbreed the nonos
been using members of the
group at slightly higher
doses uh in highly sexed animals like
primates uh all alkaloids are what are
called CNS stimulants central nervous
system stimulants that means that they
produce
arousal and in sexually extremely active
animals like primates arousal means
means uh erection usually in the mail
usually followed by Hanky
Panky what anthropologists and
primatologists call successful instances
of
copulation well again what is this it's
a second Factor tending to outbreed the
non pilosyan using members of the
population they're now definitely moving
to the rear of the parade they don't
have as much hunting success they don't
have as much food for themselves in
their offspring they're not having as
much sex so they're not having as many
offspring and you know in terms of of
rising and falling numbers those that
have some allergy Prejudice or fear of
uh of the mushroom are just being
shunted out of the breeding
population
well at still higher doses approaching
effective doses of 20 milligrams or more
in other words 4 G dried and up or 45 GS
wet and up uh hunting is out of the
question sex is something you can
consider but it's out of the
question and you are basically nailed to
the ground in a state of mind which we
for all of our sophistication our
logical positivism our super conducting
super colliders and all the rest of it
haven't a clue as to what it is what it
means what its implications are the
full-blown psychedelic experience of
which we can only speak in in terms of
uh religious heropon Epiphany
apocatastasis and all those other great
Greek words uh ataraxia you know in
other words we like it but we don't
understand it and it is therefore uh the
basis for religion
well uh so right there you have a
three-step process driven by nothing
more than hunger and
curiosity that leads remote primate
ancestors to a confrontation with what
Rudolph called The Holy other the holy
the numinous the
transcendental and uh uh you know this
is on slightly less firm ground but in
my own personal experience and having
collected psychedelic experiences
lifelong I feel confident in saying that
at high doses
psilocybin causes
glossolalia glossolalia is syntactically
