against my
Paradigm so here I I've built another
story and it to my mind meets the uh the
objections answers the question where
did Consciousness come from but instead
of doing it very nicely and neatly it
raises in the very Act of answering this
question other questions may be more
closer to home questions that reflect on
our social organization our politics how
we treat each other in the here and now
even with implications for the
future but we'll get to that for the
moment let me just run through this for
you there's a sort of a basic situation
that all theories of evolution have to
come to terms with and this is that our
remote Proto hominid
primate ape
ancestors uh lived developed in Africa
if you have an a non-african theory of
human origin and there are such things
but the evidence is strongly against you
if it were stock I'd sell uh the
evidence is pretty strong that whatever
happened that brought a
out of the animal body it happened in
Africa well all animals tend to and
plants for that matter tend to reach uh
evolutionary Climax and occupy a niche
and stabilize in that Niche cockroaches
ants achieved this hundreds of millions
of years ago and have not changed
greatly sense most of biology is this
iterative occupation of a climaxed niche
very little of biology is the pushing
forward into into radical new forms new
species still rarer new new
Genera uh for that there has to be
disruption of some sort of the
environment and it can be the Meandering
of a river or an asteroid strike or the
retreat of a gla or uh something which
creates open land
well for many for five six million years
now the African continent has been
slowly
drying and uh 3 million years ago it was
covered by rainforest at the equator
from east to
west uh slow and that was the uh the
environment of the of the the uh human
ancestor types they were canopy dwelling
they were fruit eating they ate some
percentage of insects composed their
diet they had a pack signaling
repertoire that was fairly Complicated
by animal standards and there they were
happily living in the canopy but Africa
began to dry
up and they came under nutritional
pressure now simpler
animals insects for example when their
food source is withdrawn they usually
buy the farm they don't have much
flexibility of diet if you've ever tries
to raise caterpillars into butterflies
for your children you know that if you
give the caterpillars the wrong leaves
they just can't make any sense out of it
and they die uh more advanced animals
when confronted with dietary pressure or
disappearance of ordinary Food Supplies
before they give up the ghost they will
uh
experiment with other food sources in
the
environment now the reason this isn't
normally done is thought the reason
animals are conservative in their food
choices it's thought to be a way of
avoiding uh mutational influences in the
form of uh tertiary chemicals toxins
viruses and things like this that would
be in food in unusual Foods one of the
things that accompanies our acquisition
of Consciousness is
gastronomy the appreciation of flavor
the approach to food that makes it an
art an animals don't do this they're
just trying to get enough protein to
keep the old engines running the notion
of flavoring uh is
counterintuitive to animals and
flavoring is probably in part A
mutagenic influence to our diet when our
remote ancestors came under
environmental pressure their environment
was shrinking the rainforest was being
replaced by
