structured language like behavior in the
absence of
meaning uh speaking in tongues is what
Christian fundamentalists call it but
they don't have a monopoly on it it's
ancient it occurs in all cultures it's
shamanic and what it is is it's a kind
of
neurological seizure where linguistic
organization spontaneously is verbalized
no animal does this it must have
something to do with the acquisition of
language by human beings and what I
think is going on is that probably
language was uh entertainment long
before it was
meaning that it's a kind of tuneless
singing and that having discovered that
we could make an almost endless
repertoire of smallmouth noises we did
did this for each other for amusement
for to uh pass the time I mean God knows
there was a lot of it and it it probably
was very late in the evolution of this
ability that some very tight ass
rational type said you know we could
attach a specific meaning to a specific
sound and then every time I made that
sound you'd know what I meant and then
you could go and get it for
me you
see it's a sort of it's the as long as
you're up get me a grants theory of
language
uh so so that's the basic idea and I I
really believe
that sometime in the last 50,000 years
before 12,000 years ago a kind of
paradise came into existence a situation
in which men and women parents and
children people and
animals human institutions and the
land uh all were in dynamic
balance and not in any primitive sense
at all uh language was fully developed
poetry may have been at its climax dance
magic
Poetics
altruism uh philosophy there's no reason
to think that these things were not
practiced as adroitly as we practice
them
today and it was under the egis of the
boundary dissolving
influence of pilicide
we were nomadic we were breeders and and
caretakers of cattle we worshiped a
Great Goddess we followed a yearly round
in a vast grassland cut by Crystal
streams that were washing down out of
the the higher
altitudes and we were probably black as
your hat for that
matter uh and it was great well if it
was so great what happened
happened well
uh the very forces which created this
situation and you will recall what it
was it was the drying of the African
continent forcing us out of the trees
forcing us to change our diet forcing us
to accept a dung growing mushroom uh and
there were other factors forcing us into
Consciousness as well when we became
omnivorous the first form of
Consciousness is having the point of
view of your prey predatory animals have
the highest form of animal Consciousness
big cats but it's a consciousness of the
exterior World psilocybin forced us
beyond that into consciousness of the
IMI the imaginal world the world of the
imagination inside our
heads what happened was uh the mushroom
faded the climate changed what had been
everywhere became seasonal moved into
the rain Shadows of
mountains uh became the prerogative of a
special class of people called shamans
who were like the the designated hitters
for dealing with the uh hyperspace of
the Mythos uh and other words over
millennia the the the connection went
from available to everyone all the time
to ever more tenuous ever more tenuous
finally faded out
entirely it's even more complicated than
that because surely people would have as
they saw this happening make attempts to
preserve the mushroom and in a world
