as Marie Antonette
and because you know the rules are there
is permission to break the rules and
many societies do this uh the result of
an orgiastic style like that is uh men
cannot Trace lines of male paternity
and so there is a tremendous social
glue a
tremendous uh Force for the cohesion of
community men don't then think in terms
of my children they think in terms of
our children the children of the group
and under the EES of this group this
polymorphis polymorphic sexual style
group uh child child care and uh and
extended family rearing we produced
everything that we think of as human
that we value our art our music our
philosophy our sense of each other's
worth uh body painting tattooing
piercing all the
accoutrements that distinguish us from
animal existence were put in place when
we had a different kind of mind than we
have now we didn't have a mind that
favored role specialization and male
dominance and anxiety over female sexual
activity related to feelings of male
ownership that all came later we became
human beings in this
other world of of values and
psychological attitudes problem is that
as I say the mushroom faded but but by
the time it had
faded uh we we were no longer the
wordless symbiots of cattles the the
barely sentient Hunters of of the
African plane by the time we were
finished with the mushrooms we had
language we had social
institutions and but what we began to
lose was you know you can get as wet
eyed as you want about it but respect
for each other a sense of each other's
individuality a sense of love a sense of
community and it must have been though
it happened over a long period of time
very much like what we're living through
now a sense that people are you know no
damn good and getting worse a sense that
you know why can't we be as we once were
where is our sense of each other where
is our ability to care for each other so
forth and so on I wrote a book called um
food of the Gods in which I tell this
story in the first third of the book
that I've just told you and then I show
that what history is essentially is is a
careening outof control effort to find
our way back to this state of primordial
balance one of the things that marks us
as humans that is unique is our
obsessions with drugs our ability to
addict we addict not only to substances
we addict to each other we addict to
ideologies Marxism
Christianity skink is M as practiced in
Washington uh whatever uh and we addict
to each other you know I mean I am a
romantic uh with the best of them but I
can't help noticing that a broken heart
and heroin withdrawal show very similar
presentations really insomnia sweating
sense of diminished
selfesteem hysteria uh
you know it's it's very very similar we
so a psychologist looking at a person
with an addictive syndrome will say well
you were damaged in childhood there is
some trauma there that you're you're
trying to compensate you're trying to
compensate well I'm not that keen on all
this
psychologizing but I do think that we
could apply this model to our ourselves
on a grand scale we were essentially
torn from the Gan womb thrust into the
birth canal of history and expelled
sometime around the fall of the Roman
Empire into the cold hard world of
modern science existentialism and all
the rest of it and uh uh we have
searched the planet for substances which
would assuage our sense of
pain and there are things out there you
know alcohol the whole morphine family
so forth and so on but these things
always have
consequences there's a price to be
paid uh the the very knowledge of siloc
