without Refrigeration the only effective
way to do this
is Preservation in honey you can dry
mushrooms but in a world without
hermetically sealed peanut butter jars
drying is a very short-term strategy for
preservation the only thing which will
really work is Preservation in Honey the
problem there is that honey itself
especially Aboriginal Honeys which have
a lot more water in them than what you
get in those little plastic bears at
the uh Aboriginal Honeys are very runny
and so what do they do they themselves
have the capacity for turning into a
psychoactive substance
alcohol but alcohol promotes a
completely different set of cultural
values and attitudes than
psilocybin uh psilocybin is a boundary
dissolving
hallucinogen uh me
alcohol uh gives an enhanced uh sense of
verbal Acuity and the presence of
lowered sensitivity to social
cues uh in other words uh one can make
an ass of
oneself but now I want to backtrack for
a minute I will return to this thing
about the loss of the mushroom but
there's something that I want to go over
with you that's really important in all
this to me and that is this isn't simply
the story of how an
intoxicant promoted Consciousness and
then we fell into history by losing that
intoxicant and went on to other
intoxicants with consequences to be
evaluated it's that but it's more
because psilocybon had a very very
peculiar effect over and above what I've
mentioned so far and it is the over and
above effect that makes my theory so
controversial and so uh and academics I
think so phobic of it because it rips
open a whole can of worms and th this is
the
problem
all uh
primates clear back to squirrel monkeys
and oldw World monkeys all primates form
dominance hierarchies
this means that the sharp fanged
hardbodied young
males control everybody else the women
the elderly the sick the children
homosexuals
everybody finds their place somewhere in
this dominance hierarchy run by these uh
dominant alpha males we are no
different we also as we here this
evening operate under this kind of a
social organization I mean We complain
about it we analyze it we are aware of
it but we live under it it's how it is
so here is my
suggestion
that what Simon did was it changed
Behavior it interfered with primate
Behavior specific
it interfered with this tendency to form
monogamous Pairs and dominance
hierarchies and so the ordinary tendency
of the primates to organize themselves
that way was
interrupted medicated out of existence
if you like vaccinated against if you
like by the presence of psilocybin in
the diet
and uh this over SEC this this
overemphasizing or chemical accentuation
of sexuality occasioned by the arousal
of the psilocybin was sufficient to
dissolve the ordinary tendency toward
monogamy and replace it with an
orgastic sexual style or they coexisted
simultaneously I mean who knows we
weren't there sort of the way I imagine
it is that at every new and full moon
there were group mushroom parties which
basically simply got out of
hand
regularly and and so the monogamous pair
bond would be under pressure if not
completely uh eliminated many cultures
have this even to this day I mean in a
sense Marty gr is a a festival the rules
are dissolved and nobody is supposed to
go to their spouse the Monday after and
say you know was that you I saw dressed
