part of us that is most deceiving
because it doesn't show the mind and our
minds are as you know some of us have
slug minds and some of us have peacock
minds and some of us are the alen and
some of us are uh I don't know Tinker
Bell
so you know right now they're beginning
at on I don't know which one of the
servers it is Compu server a or somebody
but they're doing a virtual reality
thing and uh they're designing these
things called
avatars which are not websites but are
how you will appear in virtual reality
you know you don't have to present
yourself as how you look or even as
another human being you can present
yourself as is uh you know the left half
of modan's painting Broadway Boogie
wogie or any other damn thing you prefer
so once you design your website then you
have to design your avatar and of course
uh the Avatar can be Ever Changing you
wouldn't you don't wear the same clothes
every day in reality but and again when
you say to people how would you like to
be seen in Virtual Reality by everyone
else there whe whether that is realized
or not that's a fascinating
psychological exercise bound to reveal
all kinds of things about somebody one
person will want to be a tattooed Jaguar
another person will want to be the
monolith from 2001 another person a
cloud of smoke another person a cabbage
uh all this is entirely possible uh so
the B and you know when you read Mark
derry's book escape velocity you see how
much tension this produces between the
body and the mind because we we've never
before been forced to figure out what we
really are and where we want to uh place
our
bets it sounds that sounds to me like a
good description of Western Civilization
Halloween every day for 3,000 years
although Halloween I don't want to knock
it's a good pagan holiday
maybe more like uh oh well I don't want
to get anybody excited yeah famar with
the mud yeah VMR vrml or virtual reality
is a place where the creativity The
Staggering creativity of psychedelics
can actually find a home I mean in any
other field you know a 5H hour trip full
of a billion insights but if you can
take three and do something with them
that's a pretty good average once you
have the tools to create
three-dimensional worlds that replicate
what you've seen then there will be
unlimited possibilities and of course
even now there are groups that are
psychedelically oriented I mean I think
it's probably only a matter of perhaps
it's even online now but a matter of
months where people with high-speed
connections will be able to visit the
gallery of psychedelic simulation
say here's the latest MDMA simulation
here's the latest DMT simulation with
footnotes by Gracie and zarov and here
is something else and also I think
people should be allowed to say you know
here's the trip I had last
night and then people can go and check
that out so it's about expanding
communication skills and as we do that
the differences between this and the
similarities will strangely enough be
simultaneously
accelerated and uh I think it's a basis
for real Community I think it's amazing
that with spoken speech which operates
at about 30 bod I think uh we were able
to create and hold together a World
Civilization using speech transmitted
over wire at 300 B that that's
astonishing that any cohesion at all
could Arise at such a and the level of
ambiguity is insane I mean the most
uncool thing you can do in most social
situations is say to somebody would you
explain to me what I just
said then the illusion breaks down you
know and you discover no we're not all
sailing on the same ship uh but if we
could see what we mean if we could have
an enhanced communication skill board
