made the descent into history and got
the top quark and planted the flag on
the moon and all that they kept the
faith and they
have a material Meda a toolbox that can
carry us back into a connection uh with
the planet now the question might be
asked why why do do you have such
overwhelming faith in what is after all
a substance a drug I mean don't
psychedelics just cause you to see
pretty pictures and patterns
and tally up your gains and losses and
then you come down and that's it and the
answer is
no what is mysterious here and I
mentioned it in the early part of my
talk what is mysterious here is this
thing we call the Psychedelic experience
those people nailed to the ground around
the campfire 50,000 years ago they
didn't know what it was and when we go
in there armed with our hi Digger and
our hural and
our venin and our Maru Ponte we don't
know what it is either there has been no
progress in 60,000 years in reducing the
Psychedelic experience to a known
quantity it is as terrifying as awesome
as ecstatic as irreducible to us uh as
it was to them well what is that as
secular people uh we rarely experience
religious awe especially of the
uncontrollable
sort uh I believe that what makes the
Psychedelic experience so Central is
that it is uh
a connection into a larger modality of
organization on the planet which is a
fancy way of saying it connects you up
to the mind of nature
herself the planet is not uh uh just a
hodgepodge of competing species that's
the old evolutionary model that's been
obsolete for decades the new
evolutionary model is that where we see
species nature sees only a gene
swarm genes moving at various speeds
being transferred around a large
percentage of them by sexual propagation
but a large percentage of them by
asexual and vegetative propagation and
still others by more exotic uh methods
of propagation such as go on in the
fungi and the bacteria uh the world is a
gene swarm and people like Lin margoles
and uh James Lovelock have been
suggesting for years that the Earth is a
kind of thermostatic
self-regulator well if you carry that
idea far enough thermostatic
self-regulator is a way of saying a kind
of computational engine a kind of
computer a kind of mind a kind of mind
the Gan mind the reason those mushroom
eating
orgastic behaving people worshiped a
great horned goddess the reason they
imaged the numinous other as feminine
was because they had a connection into a
kind of overarching intelligence that
they instinctively intuitively felt to
be feminine and we retain this in our
languages as the idea of Mother Nature
and the femininity of the land and so
forth and so on but it's just become a
distant metaphor to us I think our
intelligence is is a source of toxicity
to Nature and discomfort to
ourselves unless our values
are based on
planetary values are linked to the
values of the rest of Nature and that
means we uh need to fit ourselves more
appropriately into the scheme of things
by limiting our numbers by uh limiting
our
extraction of natural resources and
toxification of the environment
uh we
uh we need to realize that there is a
hegemony of life on the planet not
necessarily A hegemony of intelligence
intelligence is not a license to trample
it the the proper role of intelligence
in a planetary ecology is that of
gardener
caregiver and uh and uh maintainer of
balance
well so where do we go and how what do
