cybin was lost to the entire planet
except for some tribes in the in the
Mexican mountains uh for several
Millennia until Valentina and Gordon
Watson went in the uh uh early
1950s and found these mushrooms and
brought them out and then Albert Hoffman
who had earlier discovered
LSD synthesized the compound and made it
available that was
55 well by
66 all human research with these things
had been forbidden
we have it's not that science mowed this
field and moved on it's that science has
never really been here uh we haven't
looked at the implications of diet on
early human evolution we don't have a
theory for the evolution of
consciousness of any consequence and yet
you know the factors I've laid out for
you increase visual Acuity an impact on
sexual and social behaviors a triggering
of glossia like phenomena in the
presence of a boundary dissolving
psychedelic experience these are
catalysts sufficiently dramatic that
inculcated into a cultural style I think
they explain a great deal about where we
came from and who we
are now the the irony of all of of this
is uh that we live in a society that has
made all practically any discussion of
this illegal certainly if I were to end
this lecture by handing out doses of
psilocybin I would be gently taken by
the elbow and led away
forever
uh uh the Western mind is
particularly phobic of this uh of this
subject I mean we have bent our laws so
that people can jump out of airplanes in
the pursuit of Thrills so that they can
bungee cord off major highway bridges
and freeway overpasses be so concerned
are we to fulfill society's need for
Thrills uh but this is something else it
provokes all kinds of alarmed reaction
actions and perhaps you believe
unfairly I think that when you examine
the situation it's possible to
understand very clearly why this is such
a social issue because what these things
do if you look and now I'm slightly
broadening my WP to include other
psychedelics besides psilocybon but
psilocybon is certainly true in all
cases what the these things do if you
had to generalize a 100,000 psychedelic
experiences the ones where people
thought they were God the ones where
people had to be taken to the ER room
and have their stomach pumps the all of
them if you generalized what the what
these substances do is they dissolve
boundaries they dissolve boundaries if
you love it you'll love it if you hate
it you'll hate it but that's what they
they do they dissolve boundaries now the
reason this provokes a lot of social
anxiety is because all societies are
about the maintenance of boundaries it
doesn't matter whether you're you know a
stock broker in New York a Zen monk in
Koto a hassid in Jerusalem your Society
is held together by boundaries and
definitions and anything which dissolves
those boundaries and
introduces uh relativity into cultural
modeling is felt to be threatening
because we like to believe that our
reality is somehow sanctioned that this
is how it should be but in fact you know
that's just a a cultural judgment all
cultures think that their culture
represents a sanctioned reality it
doesn't it just represents the current
download of uh their linguistic
Enterprise
um the at the core of the western
anxiety about boundaries is something
that we are very proud of that we
believe we
invented we call it the
ego sometimes we call it the Democratic
individual uh we say no no Eastern
Society could have produced this we took
this from the Greeks we perfected it
through the Romans we brought it up
through the medieval period John Lock
