the internet is the
technology it's slowly I think Dawning
on a number of people that if we def if
we're talking about halogens as
Consciousness expanding drugs then the
only difference between a drug and a
computer is that one is slightly too
large to
swallow and our best people are working
on that problem even as we speak the
drugs of the future will be much more
like like computers the computers of the
future will be much more like drugs and
I think what we have to recognize is
that we are in a very brief and low
energy technical phase in technology
basically we're at the tail end of the
of the petrochemical
steam era and where we are headed is
toward the solid
state fiber optic global community of
the
internet and uh I when I was in San
Francisco two weeks ago the buzz was all
about uh vrml the virtual language
markup the virtual reality markup
language whose Protocols are being set
now so that we will be able to build
websites on the net that you can put on
your helmet and walk around in Sun
Microsystems is about to introduce
something called hot job which will let
you build and interact with your website
without going through your server
bandwidth is broadening as we speak uh
the whole world is being brought into
the domain of electricity and you may
not know it but Marshall mlan thought
that this was The Descent of the Holy
Ghost as a convert to Christian to
Catholicism he sort of went the opposite
direction of me as a convert to
Catholicism he decided that the Descent
of the third person of the Trinity and
the worldwide spread of electricity were
the same
event so I think that uh what we have to
do is
dematerialize culture in every way
possible and that means
pharmacologies
culture
computerize culture
Network culture
virtualize
culture and uh make of it thereby uh a
tool for the production of our poetic
flights a technology for the putting in
place of our dreams as exhibits that we
can show each other this is what it is
this is what technology can be in the
service of boundary
dissolution in the service of boundary
maintenance you get hydrogen bombs and
sarin in the surface of boundary
dissolution you get psychoactive
substances and the
internet and uh sexual
experimentalism social justice tolerance
and community and the the choice is to
be made on an individual level by each
and every one of us I don't Advocate a
mass outbreak of psychedelic use I think
these things are A Private Matter they
are the only thing comparable to them in
our Human Experience is our sexuality
and that's a private matter how we
Define it how we express it how we act
it out who we do it with what we think
about it and what we choose to say in
public about it is all uh in our hands I
do not think that uh the government
under the guise of some phony alarmist
pseudoscientific rhetoric should attempt
to control the evolution of
Consciousness after all if these things
truly are
Consciousness
expanding it doesn't take too much
intelligence to realize that it is the
absence of Consciousness that is causing
our flirtation with Extinction and
planetary disaster if there is any way
to raise
Consciousness diet drug machine sexual
practice Mantra yantra whatever it is we
should be furiously exploring and
applying it because if we should fumble
the ball if we should actually uh where
our ancestors over thousands of
