new Mind by Roger Penrose I think uh
it's an argument against the idea of uh
AI artificial
intelligence and whether you were able
to follow his argument because I would
take it that you probably be opposed to
his
argument I haven't read the book I like
Roger penrose's early work he's saying
artificial intelligence is impossible
yeah based on and he goes through the
touring uh and I heard you bring it up
once the touring test the touring test
for artificial intelligence and he also
uh brings in the uh incompleteness
theorem uhuh oh girdle's
incommensurability thing maybe a little
on a little girdle
please in two four
time
well I don't have a particularly strong
opinion one way or another on AI I
certainly think computers will can be a
lot more intelligent than they are
before we settle the question of whether
they can pass the touring test you all
know the touring test is this test Alan
touring was a mathematician he figured
it out during World War II and it's
basically if you call x on a telephone
and you can't tell whether X is a person
or a
machine then X passes the touring test
and every year they have touring
tests uh where judges Converse by
telephone with computers and people and
try and decide which are the computers
and which are the people and it's still
pretty easy uh because the people
exhibit exasperation incorrect
information misinterpret the question so
forth and so on
uh there are some wild thinkers out
there far wilder than me uh you know if
you want to read a wild book
read um Hans Mor avic's book mind
children the future of human and
artificial intelligence there's a book
uh and
uh I'm having a memory lapse here help
me out tippler I said help me out with a
memory laps you don't have to read my
mind for God's sake yes thank you Kon t
tipler's uh book is a uh uh the end of
all speculation where artificial
intelligence uh is concerned uh I think
machine human interfacing is is very
important I think that the debate about
whether computer can think like a human
being is kind of not very interesting
computers think like computers already
vast amounts of what we call Human
Society are entirely run by machines
including uh very important Financial
sectors Market
decisions uh resource extraction
decisions inventory resupply decisions
that feed clear back from the warehouse
to the mine in other words machines say
how much tin should be extracted and at
what rate and therefore to a certain
degree say who should come to work and
who shouldn't on certain days uh a lot
of design work of circuitry Engineers
will simply tell a computer what the
circuit should do and leave the actual
architecture of the circuitry to machine
decision uh this means you know large
more and more parts of the human world
are being over given over to machines to
design but when you see how much of the
world looks like the arrival Concourse
of an International Airport having
computers design the world might not be
uh a bad idea uh definitely computers
figure in our future I mean I wasn't
joking when I said drugs and computers
are migrating toward each other I can
imagine a a world and this is not the
ultimate World by any means a world five
six seven years in the future where the
equivalent of today's Advanced
Macintosh would be something you glue on
your
thumbnail and communicate with that way
and you know beyond that lie you know
enormous uh computational and data
accessing abilities that may be accessed
through
implants
