uh we're going to have to decide you
know how much of the monkey we want to
take with us into the future we don't
want to take the
homicidal
killer we don't want to take uh the male
Dominator but we it would probably be a
mistake to leave the body entirely
behind uh after after all the body gives
us our orientation in the world and our
sense of ourselves as somehow co-
co-extensive with animal life but how
much of what we call human is really
human is going to be a major topic for
discussion uh from here to the end of
time yeah in the back uh two questions
on ecstasy uh number one what's your
take on MDMA and uh what's the optimum
grams to take uh to achieve sexual
ecstasy sexual ecstasy on
ecstasy mush oh on mushrooms oh I see
well first about
MDMA well there is no doubt that from
here to the End of Time whether it be 18
years or a thousand years away science
is going to produce more and more
psychoactive drugs there are Psych col
active drugs on the Shelf now waiting
for human testing and government
approval uh around the world we cannot
explore the brain we cannot explore
neurochemistry without these drugs being
uh a natural consequence of this program
of research MDMA is a cyclized
amphetamine like MDA like masculine
which is a naturally occurring compound
of this type
um in the hands of a skilled
psychotherapist MDMA leads to conflict
resolution relationship insights into
relationships this sort of thing I'm not
entirely convinced that it's the Silver
Bullet for these conditions every drug
that has made its way onto the the
alternative culture scene has first
build itself as a love drug that's an
unfailing Market ploy to get a drug to
the Forefront of public attention
cannabis was sold to us as a love drug
LSD
psilocybon
eoan
MDMA is no different MD MDMA does
promote a certain kind of empathy not a
whole lot of uh vigorous sexual activity
in terms of of what dose of psilocybin
leads you into to a a sexual rather than
a visually acute or visionar ecsta toied
situation I would say for 145b person
probably 2 to three gram is this
agitated sexually active or if no sex is
happening maybe dancing and drumming in
other words thoroughly aroused busy
active dose as the dose Rises you know
activity slows and finally you just want
to sit down and then finally you just
want to lay down and then you're into
the other phase behind you there was
another question yeah I was going to say
John LLY has an interesting kind of
speculation about the future
possibilities of solid state entities in
this Auto the scientist but I was really
curious what if you have anything to say
or you know about the credibility of the
author William Cooper who wrote a book
called you know that this is the Flying
Saucer
debunker the and isn't he the one who
said that he was the CIA guy for a long
time well this is slightly off the track
or might seem to some people to be
slightly off the track uh I don't know
William Cooper's book I regard that
whole Flying Saucer thing as a Civil War
in a leper colony
uh but I do think I do think having been
like probably most of you very
interested in flying sausage from the
time I was a kid and I grew up when it
was all happening a couple of years ago
I accepted an invitation for the first
time to go to a flying saucer conference
if you've never been to one and you're
interested in flying saucers go you will
be you will have more insights into the
phenomenon in a conference like that
than in 10 years of studying it because
what's perfectly clear is that these
people are self- selected for
