participate in a choice to
brutalize uh the human
Enterprise or we're going to have to uh
seriously talk about very major
restructurings of our society and I
don't really know how we do that I was
living in Northern California a couple
of years ago when they wanted to close
an air base near here and the newspapers
were filled with weeks for weeks with
analysis of whether Western Civilization
could absorb this Hammer blow at the
very heart of its institutions of
closing one Fran air base for crying out
loud that's not my idea of major change
you know we may have to give up some of
our pretty
things we may have to discipline some of
the
irresponsible uh
social philosophies that run a mck Among
Us and no I don't mean the advocacy of
psychedelic plants I mean uh the Roman
Catholic Church's position on population
control in the third
world I mean the Germans take quite a
knock for the Holocaust but the Catholic
Church manages to push more people into
death disease and degradation every year
than the Holocaust managed in its entire
show and uh it's thought rather crass to
even mention the fact
it seems to me as long as these Catholic
Bishops can show their face in public
that we are uh in complicity with mass
murder it's not Pleasant news but what
are you going to do about
it uh Islamic
fundamentalism another bunch of Kneads
with an
antihuman agenda what are we going to do
about this are we going to go Gent L
into that good night of planetary chaos
extreme Distortion of class structure
defense of what we have at any cost
against those who have
nothing there doesn't seem to be any
other plan on the
horizon Arthur Kesler who probably never
thought he would be quoted by Terren
McKenna a very conservative character
you'll recall he was a a Marxist who
turned turned on Marxism and led a very
interesting intellectual life he wrote a
book 30 years ago called the ghost in
the machine and he made a a a case
similar to mine but a little
simpler he observed human beings are
hardwired for
homicide this is what we do best because
this was something we had to do
apparently at some point in our past at
least in kesler's view he didn't believe
in a mushroom Paradise but he reached
the same conclusion that I have which is
we need a pharmacological intervention
on antisocial Behavior or we are not
going to get hold of our uh our
dilemma and uh I I you know there have
been dystopias based on drug
intervention on aggressive behavior you
all remember remember Brave New World
where every time anybody raised their
voice they were given a a gram of Soma
and told a gram is better than a dam and
so nobody ever had a thought in their
head well that's a terrible drug let's
not introduce that uh-oh the bad news is
we've had it for decades it's called
television you know we have millions of
people in laral low awareness lives in
their little Condominium Apartments just
ladling this garbage into their minds
the average American watches 5 and 1
half hours of TV a day so imagine how
much time these people watch I mean to
to think of that as human at all if that
were a drug we'd be up in arms you know
if people were loaded at home with that
level of mental condition day after day
after day we would we would do something
about
it so my uh you know I don't have I
can't uh propose a grand solution but I
do think that it is uh uh pregnant with
implication that here at the end of the
20th century with all of these problems
hammering down on us the news comes from
the rainforests and the deserts that
these Aboriginal people people while we
