generations did not fail if we are to
fail the magnitude of the tragedy will
be immense because failure is not
inevitable it is not
inevitable that we should fail there are
ideas
personalities
Technologies uh available right now
which if honestly explored and and
implemented could rescue the human
Enterprise from the disgrace that hovers
over us we don't want this to end in a
toxified garbage pit ruled by Nazis
which is you know the way we may well
beheaded uh the Guan mind has always
been there nature originally through the
plants and Shamanism provided the tools
for us to access this incredible natural
database through the vicissitudes of
History previous generations lost the
key in Western
Society since the
1960s the key has been refound it's a
matter of great social controversy it's
a matter of uh of of great risk to those
who take it how they will be viewed
by their peers but there is no longer uh
ignorance is no longer an excuse
anthropology in the last 100 years has
laid at our doorstep the tools
necessary for an archaic
reconstruction of uh society and
uh human values within that Society it's
inconceivable that Western industrial
capitalism could run on another 500 or a
th000 years uh it it will not continue
as it has it will
deteriorate under the pressure of
resource scarcity and what few
Democratic Values we have obtained what
little space for reasoned discourse has
been created will be the first to be
swept away
so it's it's very very important that
people take back their minds and that
people analyze our dilemma in the
context of the entire human story from
The Descent onto the grassland to our
potential Destiny as citizens of the
Galaxy and the universe we are at a
critical turning point and as I say the
tools the the data that is holds the
potential for our Salvation is now known
it is available it is among us but it is
misrepresented it is slandered it is
litigated against and uh it's up to each
one of us to relate to this situation in
a fashion that will allow us to answer
the question that will surely be put to
us in some point in the future which is
what did you do to help save the
world well I'll knock off now I'll sign
books we'll take like a 10-minute break
and then we'll come back and do
questions thank you very much for your
 
attention p and that in fact what we are
involved in here at the end of the 20th
century is some kind of uh accelerated
forward Escape into
transformation and I when I lecture that
subject I more or less imply that it's
inevitable in other words it's not that
we have to do X Y or Z that it's on
track I think it is on track but I also
think there's a place for the kind of
politics we discussed this evening
because as the world gets crazier and
crazier a lot of people are going to get
very very anxious this thing in Oklahoma
city is an example of people getting
anxious uh so what needs to be done is
to spread the idea that anxiety is
inappropriate it's sort of like we we
who are Psych adelic have to function as
sitters for
society because Society is going to
thrash and resist and think it's dying
and be deluded and regurgitate
unconscious material and so forth and so
on and the goal and the role then for
psychedelic people I think is to try and
spread calm I'm very convinced that
things are going to get a lot nutty ier
than they are and they're a lot nuttier
now than they have been for a while but
it it isn't it isn't doesn't mean the
bad people are winning or that we're
going to Fumble the ball or anything the
mushroom said to me once it said this is
