is your own business and then as much
time as you want to spend on the what
does it all mean Mr Natural uh side of
the
question uh and we'll dig into all of
this at 10:00 tomorrow morning thank you
very much get some sleep or go to the
baz or do both or go to the
rave
okay well before I get into my Spiel uh
is anybody have anything they want to
say this morning which can range from
your have snores in your room to some
profound objection or illumination of
what went on last night yeah just just a
semantic question as to why descent into
novelty rather than
asent into no
I mean there seems to be a
Pity
imp this I've this question comes up
um there there are several reasons
originally and then I've invented new
ones
since uh the time thing quantifies
novelty but it quantifies it you could
almost say it quantifies it negatively
because the maximum of know Noy has a
numerical value of zero so how I
pictured this was I actually picture the
space-time Continuum like a a landscape
a topology well then I think of time as
a fluid medium of some sort well
naturally a fluid medium Finds Its
equilibrium at the lowest energy point
in the system so the river flows toward
the sea
this question of energy flows and what
is pejorative and what is not I've
learned is a completely culture-based
value there are tribes in the Amazon for
whom rivers begin where they meet
another River obviously and they end
where they Peter Out Among some Springs
and swamps up in the mountain uh to them
this is perfectly obvious that that's
how Rivers work to us it's inconceivable
the thing goes the other way
um if I had turned the wave on its
upside down then instead of having
maximum novelty quantify at zero it
would have simply Quantified at some
arbitrarily large integer in the 700,000
range so it it lacked Elegance so for
all of those reasons uh I chose to have
novelty be a
descent rather than an an ascent and
then later I in Incorporated things like
uh Dynamics and uh and Chaos Theory and
that sort of thing into the model well
then what you get is sort of the idea
that the zero point in time is like a
dwell point or an attractor and so uh
all the processes in the epigenetic
landscape are being channeled is one way
to think of it or pulled is another way
to think of it or pushed is another way
to think of it toward this certain point
in the
system if that seems complicated all I'm
saying is if you release a marble up
near the rim of a bowl it's easy to
predict where it's going to come to rest
when it's still it's going to come to
rest at the bottom of the bowl that's
the place where the minimum energy of
the system is
fulfilled yeah okay anything else out of
uh last night it's still possible to
raise the issue of snoring don't feel we
we're so far from the dock that you
can't jump back yes I have a friend
who's been diagnosed with Parkinson and
when Richard was here this week he told
me that I for be is being found to be
very good for
par and if you know anything about that
I'd like you to talk about it I don't
know anything about it except that I
know who to ask which would be my
brother
Dennis uh but I've heard that this is
this is true that they're getting a
remarkable uh remission of of the
symptoms uh with
it it's really part of a whole Frontier
uh you know that Pros sa has to do with
and I just a month ago went through a
horrific series of migraines and so now
I know all about sumat tripon which is a
