on the agenda for the next few months
that could usher in enormous novelty
although novelty usually arrives in the
form of the unexpected in other words
the source of the novelty might be a
return of Communism to power in Russia
or it might be
um what else is scheduled an American
election is scheduled an Israeli
election is
scheduled uh it could be uh that the
Chinese will attempt to grab Taiwan and
create World War III misjudgment could
lead that direction but it could be
positive novelty has no morality an AIDS
cure uh
um oh you know what else can I think of
along those well some enormous
technological breakthrough you know
starflight or or cold fusion or
something like that I mean these things
lurk as possibilities leaning into the
Continuum of SpaceTime always willing to
be sucked into actualization if you can
get the Mojo right so part of the
briefing of a descent into novelty here
is to ask and discuss the question does
it feel like we've come over a cusp does
it feel like we're uh in a situation of
increasing novelty day by day by day
this will last on in to early June and
then if not if we all get together in
Midsummer and agree it was kind of a dud
didn't really live up to
expectations well then that's real data
for looking at the time wave I my people
are confused sometimes by exactly who
and what I am and that's because in my
personality which is a humbler word than
method
two things are united which are usually
not found
co-present my uh
techniques are all
shamanic and involve perturbing the
senses and dissolving ordinary states of
Mind through psychedelics so my
techniques are
shamanic but my my uh my
uh what would I call I guess method not
techniques but method is rational and
analytical so I use shamanic techniques
to go into shamanic places and then
attempt to study them scientifically
using reason saying what is this how
does it work what is it made of what how
do its parts relate to each other and
what is its inner Dynamic and I I this
apparently though it seems fairly
obvious to me is a fairly
radical uh Union of techniques
scientists don't explore psychedelics
because somehow the the scientific mind
must not be be smirched by contact and
contamination with the thing studied but
how the hell can you study psyched I
without taking them rats are not very
satisfying and graduate students still
less so so uh eventually you know you're
going to have to get your feet wet well
then they say well but that destroys
your scientific objectivity well not if
it's the only meth the only path to
contacting the phenomenon that you're
attempting to study so that has worked
for me I am not part of the new age in
my own
mind to me the new age is typified by an
incredible
credulity and in utter immunity to
cognitive dissonance I mean you know you
can believe that the world is ruled from
the pleades and you can believe that
elron hubard is God there seems to be no
end to the number of contradictions that
the new age can
simultaneously uh
entertain uh but what I have done is I
probe
weirdness I but
rationally most people who are attracted
to weirdness want to convert and believe
it and take it in and exalt it I don't I
I don't want to believe anything I hate
ideology all ideology that's what I why
I'm so casual about the possible
crushing of my own because ideologies
are a
lesser
um a lesser
