material culture uh very
nomadic uh but if you could transport
yourself into the body of one of these
people you would discover that when they
close their eyes there are menues
hanging in space in other words the
computer that was on the back of the
thumbnail 5 years later that computer
moves into being a kind of an implant a
black contact lens that is sewn into
your eyelids at age six so that when you
close your you're actually looking at an
interface and the
entire uh database of the culture could
be placed there you see really what
computers are doing is they're making
what we call the collective
unconscious
conscious all data all
images uh are potentially accessible
through uh the network and you know I'm
still getting used to the idea of the
network myself like I keep thinking oh I
have this timeline I could get
somebody's chronology and put it at my
website and then I remember no no all I
have to do is point to their website I
don't have to copy or move anything if
there is one list that's all the world
needs anybody else who needs that list
can point to it from their website so
the speed at which new structures can be
created is astonishing I mean almost
literally overnight you can build a
website and begin to point at other
websites and bring resources into yours
uh this is a technology which is going
to turn out to not be what people think
it is it's going to be a techn ology for
showing each other the inside of our
heads for showing each other our
dreams you know one thing I didn't talk
about in the main part of the lecture is
that psychedelics are catalysts for
language they speed up and catalyze the
language formation process and a culture
cannot evolve any faster than its
language evolves and it cannot be any
more glued together than the bandwidth
that its languages will
tolerate and so what this technology
that is putting in place is going to
mean is the way in which it will
dissolve boundaries is by making us
transparent to each other I mean I can
imagine a child of the future uh we all
bring
home our drawings to stick on
refrigerators and things like that in
the future we won't stick them on
refrigerators we will stick them in our
website and everything will go into our
website and by the time we're 25 or
something our website will be the size
of the American Museum of Natural
History and you can wander through it
and uh as a gesture of intimacy you can
invite someone else to wander through it
well that's who you are it's your
imagination and uh I think in a sense
I've said at times that the cultural
Enterprise is an effort to turn
ourselves inside out we want to put the
body into the
imagination and we want the imagination
to replace the laws of physics with
these Technologies we can probably do
that but it'll have to run on
psychedelic design principles are it's
certain to be a mess yeah um yes what
could you tell us about the problems
that some people will experience with
the digestibility of the mushrooms and
how it can lead to um pain and and some
discomfort and um sometimes to like a
nightmarish type experience well first
of all let me say this there are several
mushrooms which contain psilocybin which
grow in cow dong what I urge people to
do if you're serious about this is to
grow your
own uh this is moderately self-serving
because I wrote a book about how to grow
your own mushrooms but there are many
such books you don't have to buy mine
you only need it if you want the best
one uh but you see here and stam's book
is excellent and if you want to go large
scale stam's book is the one but let me
say something then uh
