spacecraft of some sort uh the Kelts and
their relationship ship to little people
and an invisible world uh this is a
generally held belief that they are
exemplifying that is worldwide which is
that the dead are somehow co-present in
the space of the living but invisibly so
except to those who have the gift of
Second Sight or are magically empowered
or
shamanic
Adept um the last thought I should leave
you with this and it's an adumbration of
this
question but it also has deeper
implications the model that you're
usually given of the Psychedelic
experience is a religious model that the
mysteries of religion Hindu Buddhist or
something rather are somehow illuminated
by this boundary dissolving experience
my model is is a little different a
little cooler and I think a little more
formal and it's this that Consciousness
is an omnidirectional threat detection
response change in most of time is
something that stretches out over
millions and millions of years I'm
speaking now first of all of
astrophysical changes uh
uh
planetcalc Evolution which is orders of
magnitude more rapid than than geology
is nevertheless something which moves in
a very stately fashion major mutations
require hundreds of thousands millions
of years in some cases to establish
themselves so most of time exhibits a
fairly uniform placidity on the local
scale if you see what I mean but for the
past 25,000 Years or ,000 or million
depending on your sensitivity to
turbulence something else has been
happening
acceleration
connectivity uh a complexification and
densification of the Matrix and we are
products of this but it hasn't it isn't
a it isn't a smooth descent or Ascent
toward greater complexity it's a
punctuated movement toward complexity or
novelty as I call it there are steps
back there are
setbacks sometimes they last millions of
years sometimes they last minutes uh and
this leads me then that's enough
background uh so one reason this is
called a descent into briefing for a
descent into novelty is because
according to this Theory we are in a
descent into novelty a very
dramatic
uh descent began on the 25th of February
just a week ago in the 20th century
there have only been two other periods
that theory defines as this novel the
first one is the period from October
1928 to October
1929 and the second one is from December
1940 to December of
1941 now interestingly both of those
purely formal mathematical predictions
nail major upheavals of novelty in the
20th century the first the collapse of
the world economy culminating in the
American Stock crash of October 29 the
Second World War II raging furiously all
through 1940 and then ending in December
41 by the us being dragged in with the
Japanese attack so uh the
novelty theory is in the mid as we speak
of a
test H is the novelty Market
soaring is novelty pouring into the
system at a very fast rate now some
people thought that you know the dead
would rise on the 25th of February that
isn't how it works throughout the past
couple of years and I'm sure you are
aware of it we have been in a recidivist
period in American politics and life
meaning uh a a
conservative era uh and that has gotten
more and more constipated and more and
more self- congratul atory and more and
more uh certain of itself and hence
odious and I believe we've crossed over
the cusp and now that all is in a state
of complete chaos and
collapse uh there are many many things
