this you can look at the speed of light
as measured from 1906 and you will
notice that the values have been slowly
going up it it's apparently going
slightly faster than it was a century
ago well people just dump on that and
say no no you pour [ __ ] you don't
understand it's that the it's that the
instrumentality has become more precise
and so the
measurement may have changed slightly oh
yeah well seems to me in that case the
points should cluster how come the more
recent ones are faster than the earlier
ones
consistently in other words it's not
that we're getting measurements which
cluster around a value it's that we're
getting measurements which are going out
this way toward
faster uh
I think language is the key to making
reality I think our language is a is a
very weak language computer languages
may be more powerful uh you know vrml or
mathematics but I believe the world is
made of language that's the magical
belief but then the challenge to that
belief is okay wise guy so how come the
world isn't the way you say it is well
that's
ungenerous
uh uh I think because it it doesn't work
quite like that consensus is set by
societies by minions of people reality
is a phenomenon of many linguistically
operating subsystems maybe if you and I
were stranded on a desert island we
could get a reality going we probably
could but it would surely be shattered
when somebody showed up to take us home
again over
here why would the only ones that use
the mushrooms and secondly is there any
written documentation of this mushroom
Paradise uh the the
documentation well there wouldn't be
anything written of course it's earlier
than that but the documentation it is
well known that the Sahara was wetter in
the past even as recently as Roman times
plen called it the Bread Basket of Rome
and we know that human populations were
out
there we in the teli plateau of Southern
Algeria there are rock paintings
rupestris paintings that show shamans
with mushrooms sprouting out of their
bodies and and in their hands so we we
have mushroom use we have evidence of
mushroom use at the era of the great
horned Paleolithic
godness um
the the presence or absence of monogamy
and polygamy is debatable so I however
the the
archaeology of this area has not been
well studied and won't be soon
thanks to Islamic fundamentalism Algeria
is no place to do archaeology right now
now to the first part of your question
why was it human beings who ate the
mushrooms uh well we you had to to use
the mushrooms as a doorway to higher
intelligence you would have had to
already come a certain distance down the
path of higher animal
organization we were biped
we had a pack signaling repertoire we
had binocular vision and the reason we
used the mushrooms was because we were
under nutritional pressure uh there may
have been other animals under
nutritional pressure but they may have
been more
tightly uh bound to their original diet
or they may simply have had behavioral
organization that the mushroom couldn't
dissolve break through there has been
talk among evolutionary biologists about
if there were no primates on this planet
what order of
animals might occupy the conscious Niche
or be able to come in there and
interestingly
raccoons are candidates raccoons have
have well positioned eyes they have a
very complex
hand and
um uh years and years ago I used to grow
