resolution of our dilemma than we are
capable of the higher resolution lies in
real feeling and real Community uh and
affection uh ideology has poisoned the
last Thousand Years all of these
ideologies have ultimately done more
good and done more bad than good Marxism
Christianity even you know at the risk
of setting off a riot freudianism on and
on and on uh the the correct method I
think is simply the phenomenological
approach catalog data seek patterns draw
conclusions test them back against the
original data now most people who
Advocate that kind of an approach
somehow come down
it brings them down they say well this
method then shows you that uh being is
only this and thought is only that and
love is merely this and so for in other
words it's a it it reduces everything it
insults everything uh I haven't found
that to be the case I've Found Real
weirdness the world is
strange very very very strange not only
I mean far Stranger Than I suppose and
Orders of magnitude more strange than
these cheerful workbench scientists and
keepers of the faith of our culture
Suppose there are doorways there are
edges there are
passageways but for every real one there
are 10,000 dead ends CU deacs and cheap
scams of one sort so to go out as an a
knew into the world seeking to uh invest
your belief in something you will be
instantly sucked into some screwy thing
and your life force pulled from you and
you will be used and abused as onen new
and naives always are a much better uh
approach is you know be
tough the truth does not require your
participation in order to
exist [ __ ]
does uh but the truth is fine thank you
whether you believe in it or not uh so
what is what is gained by the truth if
you believe in it nothing I maintain and
and you are
diminished you are diminished because by
believing in something you have preluded
your freedom to believe in its opposite
you gave away the most precious
existential currency in the
universe so uh uh you know I think it's
very good to be tough to ask the hard
questions uh and but to to go a long way
down the path with these claimants to
secret
knowledge uh Insight lineage But
ultimately you know the hard questions
have to be asked and this is not a path
toward dispelling the mystery from the
universe this is the way to get to the
real gold in a hurry not become uh
glamorized or subverted by the dross of
uh of the
world well maybe that's enough for this
evening we will go over all of these
things at the level of intensity that
you are interested in it's fine to get
down to the how much how and when
questions about the compounds and the
plants that is technique and that's
important because it's fine to sit here
talking about the Psychedelic experience
this Bears no resemblance to the
Psychedelic experience in any form
whatsoever uh so it's very important
that you leave here
empowered uh empowered to make your way
into these places uh with confidence and
then the other thing to pay attention to
is inevitably the way
our ass backward Society works is uh it
creates Cults of personality and
and
Renaissance stabilized points of focus
on the celebrity personality who is the
teacher the guy who wears the microphone
or the woman who wears the microphone
what you can really take away from here
if you're smart is community of some
sort probably someone in this room has
what you
need and I guarantee you it isn't me so
don't waste your time on me uh but
that's all there for you uh to sort out
so techniques we can discuss the
formation of community and Association
