mushrooms in and I grew them by my own
method naturally in jars and I would
have waste Rye infected with jars and I
mean jars infected with my celium
permeated rye and I would put it out on
the back porch at night or I did once
and I awoke in the middle of the night
to this terrific racket and there were
raccoons on the back porch they could
smell the Rye infested with the
psilocybon containing melium they could
unscrew the lids and plunge their MX
into this stuff and and as I turned on
the lights I saw these little Bandit
faces with this mycelial crumbs on their
little upturned muzzles and they didn't
uh they don't they wouldn't back
off they would and the other thing was
they were standing up on their hind legs
so they were standing on their hind legs
holding a jar holding the stuff and
tottering toward me so
um I just took one look and backed
off and for the rest of the evening
you could tell that they were
approaching the orgiastic boundary uh
because the carrying on the sexual
squeaking and squealing and thumping and
pounding going on in the back yard was
just
incredible so
uh you know they they might be
interesting test animals uh to put
through this yeah
um doc valet based his passport to
agonia largely on the very faith and
cultic countries which you obviously are
familiar with I wanted to uh have your
comments on the numinous nature of the
UFO phenomena with regard to the Celtic
Faith the fair faith and the role of
this phenomenon which I think you
referred to as the other earlier in your
talk has the transformation that you're
descri having us going into present time
and
future yeah yes jacqu valet was a UFO
researcher in the book that was
mentioned passport to Magonia was his
one of his earliest books on the subject
he's gone through a lot of changes about
it
um the the the the
numinous I think what's going on is
that
uh in a sense there is leakage from the
future this is a broad subject and it's
late in the evening so I'll give it to
you in headlines but basically science
takes the position that nature is
without purpose in other words Nature
has no goal nature preds forward
according to the unfolding of chance and
necessity
but I don't believe this I think nature
is an engine for the conservation of
novelty and that the Nature's purpose is
to generate ever greater
novelty uh and that in fact
history is the dawning realization that
we are about to descend down a very
steep novelty sink as it were into
immense amounts of novelty and this is
why we image the other in the 20th
century as the
Extraterrestrial because out of the
unconscious comes this this image of the
other as the
Extraterrestrial uh I think we are in
the presence of what I call the
transcendental object at the end of time
and that religions call it the Messiah
or the mrae
secularists call it Utopia millenarians
call it something else mushroom
enthusiasts something else but that we
are in the presence of the
transcendental object at the end of time
and that it casts an enormous reflection
back through history especially recent
history but any person
encountering this backward moving shadow
of the trans transcendental object will
attempt to interpret it in cultural
terms that they can relate to so if they
happen to be a French peasant in the
11th century they will assume that it's
the Virgin Mary if they're a sexual
scientific rationalist in the 20th
century they will assume it's a
