a Magic Bullet for migraine but a DMT
related drug that also like proac and
like iasa all of these things
Target these
serotonergic systems different five
hydroxy tryptamine receptors in the
brain and it seems like a whole new and
much friendlier family of uh drugs are
going to emerge out of this and some of
them are going to have application to
psychological situations and some and
some are are going to definitely impact
stuff like migraine and Parkinson's I
don't know why it took them so long to
look at the 5ht family of receptors
because it's been pretty obvious to
psychedelic heads for 30 years that of
the major neurotransmitter systems in
the brain that seemed to be the one
whose affects lie closest to observable
Consciousness after I got out of here
last night I was reviewing my
performance and I realized that of the
many dissents into novelty that were
indicated the one which uh was left out
which is sort of the overarching
architecture of the whole thing is that
life itself is a descent into novelty
toward a complete Singularity that
defies all anticipation or is very
difficult to come to terms with people
find it quirky that I would propose the
end of the world and they find it highly
improbable and feel very good about
being able to reject it as improbable
but you noticed how abstract all that is
in relationship to the inevitable fact
of your own death I mean there is an end
of the world built into your cosmology
the end of your world which is after all
U the only world you know so uh it may
be that the planet will swing a 100
billion times around the planet before
the consummation of time but it's that
doesn't mean that you have permission
not to contemplate Final End States
because you've got an appointment with
one out there somewhere 10 minutes or 50
years in the
future so that little
sobering uh parenthesis can be put
around all of these other U descents
into novelty the historical descent the
analogy to the historical descent
produced by the
psychedelic
experience and uh and that's what I
wanted to talk a little bit about this
morning is maybe it isn't clear in
everyone's mind what this historical
acceleration and descent into complexity
what that might conceivably have to do
with one's personal relationship to
psychedelics well it's hard to see the
connection I think if you have a um
a psychological model of what the
Psychedelic experience is and by that I
mean one one school of thought about
psychedelics is
that basically takes up the vocabulary
of freudianism and yism and says there
is a part of our mind which we are
ordinarily not in contact with which is
composed of uh thwart Ed
desires uh unexamined memories so forth
and so on and when we take psychedelics
somehow all boundaries are dissolved and
we confront this material and if it's
traumatic then the ordinary dynamics of
psycho therapeutic uh curing cut in and
so this becomes a kind of uh Catalyst
for for uh
uh psychoanalysis is of some form so
that's one model and uh and then uh
another model is that this is uh a
parallel world of some sort that we
encountered that's closer to what I'm
proposing but what I've come to rest
with in this is a a kind of mathematical
model
that Consciousness like certain chemical
systems has two states of
crystallization there is the mundane
mind which basically has evolved in a
carnivorous hunting monkey as a threat
detection device and it is
extraordinarily focused on nearby
three-dimensional space and time because
it's from there that some threat an
enemy saber-tooth tiger something and so
