gullibility and it's not their fault
it's just that the the ticket through
the front door is you know would you
believe this would you believe this
uh I think probably what happened
historically speaking is that you know
in 1947 when the first UFOs were seen
the it was a weird world the explosion
of the atom bomb the work toward the
hydrogen bomb people didn't know
Einstein and TR R and all this they
didn't know what it really meant if they
thought that it is conceivable that the
solar system is monitored and it is
conceivable that this is the switch
which turns on the Monitor and brings
attention I mean they were in awe of the
atom bomb and they realized they were
tampering with Cosmic forces and then at
this moment of cosmic awe and
realization of tampering they begin to
get reports of spacecraft entering the
Skies of Earth and interacting with
human beings well what they did the CIA
had just been founded in 48 and so forth
and so on what they did is they put a
lot of time and effort into infiltrating
all these groups that claimed knowledge
of what was going on and as a survivor
of the new left I can tell you when the
government gets interested in
infiltrating I mean I there
two out of every three members of SDS
was a government informant at the height
of its membership so I believe that what
happened was these Flying Saucer groups
were massively infiltrated by the
government in the course of its pursuing
its constitutional obligation to
maintain the public welfare and by 54 or
55 the government was perfect perly
convinced that whatever flying saucers
were they did not pose a threat to the
Integrity of the air defenses of North
America and that was their real
concern but bureaucracies are weird
creatures they really exist only to
perpetuate themselves so at some point
inside these agencies they must have had
to face the fact that they had massively
infiltrated a bunch of very flaky people
and now their choice was to either end
the program tell the budget people that
no they wouldn't be needing that $10
million this year or keep going with it
because they now had a group of people
self- selected for
gullibility and that group of people
became the victims of every chemical
experiment weird technology
propaganda experiment and so forth and
so on because their friends and
relatives had already written them off
as
completely uh untrustworthy who would
believe them no matter what story they
told so I really felt I was among
severely damaged people uh and it it
wasn't their fault it's that they they
had become part of something that had
become part of something that had become
part of something and they never really
had a Fighting Chance do strange lights
haunt the Skies of Earth you bet they're
booties they do but the Flying Saucer
Cults are a social phenomenon and
largely unrelated to whatever this
anomaly
is
yeah Dr Mr Fuller often spoke of the
feralization of Technology do you think
there will come a time when we are
indistinguishable from our technology
and would that be sort of apotheosis
that you speak about in your in your
books no I think it would go the other
way that we're moving toward a time when
our technology is indistinguishable from
us in other words I don't want us to all
turn into
a
710080 AV that doesn't seem like a good
idea uh but on the other hand I could
imagine as a hopeful scenario a future
world of let's say 500 or a billion
healthy happy well-fed people of all
Races political Persuasions gender
preferences and so forth and so on and
uh those people would essentially live
as our archaic ancestors did very little
