after the brain the stomach is the most
heavily inated organ in the body and
anxiety has a way of cropping up as a
stomach ache so it's a lot of people
have anxiety in the first hour of taking
mushrooms and they believe that
something in the mushroom is giving them
gastric distress it really isn't it's
more like a case of butterflies on an
empty stomach because you should take
mushrooms on an empty stomach uh you can
try a suppository you can try another
drug if you want but there is in this
psychedelic business something to be
said for simply disciplining your hind
brain also you can suppress nausea with
cannabis so you know a mixture of
self-discipline
pharmacological
steering uh so forth and so on uh if you
have if you have a severe reaction to
the mushroom you probably shouldn't take
it I mean after all it is a fungus and
as mammals we have developed some pretty
strong uh allergenic reactions to fungi
some of us and uh certain reactions ccil
ayin are not psychedelic reactions like
uh enormous
sweating or something like that that's
more an indication of an allergy if
you're going to get into psychedelics
one of the things you have to do is
learn your way
around psychedelic sophistication
doesn't mean you took everything there
is in combination with everything there
else there is at high doses with your
friends at rock
concerts it it means that you figured
out what worked for you and then really
put the pedal to the
metal you know yeah I recently came
across Davidson's work on orally
rearranged monatomic elements and you
found that these monoatomic heavy metals
conduct the act as superconductor
conduct the light Force through our
nervous are you familiar with this work
at
all no you you've stumped the star uh I
mean I'm interested in organic super
conductivity and room temperature super
conductivity uh but I don't know his
work so I can't comment on new it's it's
it's you said he's going to be coming
over with a book in 6 to9 months called
ormis o r m es ormus which isly
rearranged monic elements but I'm sure
it will find its way to my debt now all
these hands oh he should be the guy you
tell me all right um how much of our
consensus reality do you think is based
on um inexorable physical laws things
that aren't of our own creation and how
much if any um is subject to change
without notice simply based on a
consensus belief of what should be or
what is going to be how do you think
things work
well I mean this is you this is sort of
where I'm at I mean as you were asking
the question I was my tendency would be
to say none that none of our reality is
based on inexurable physical law but I
only want that to be true I'm not sure
it is true Whitehead used to he had this
thing about what he called stubborn
facts and he said there are some
stubborn facts and you can cut your
philosophy any way you want but if you
don't take account of the stubborn facts
you'll have a problem uh a lot of
reality is made of language how much I'm
not sure but I My Hope Is that a great
deal is made of language rert sheldrick
who's a good friend of mine and we sort
of think along the same lines he
believes that there are not inexurable
physical laws that there are just very
old habits he would think of the speed
of light as a very old habit uh these
physical constants may be changing we
don't know I mean take the speed of
light we've measured it in on one planet
since
1906 and cheerfully extrapolate it to
every corner of the known universe with
no sense that there might be a problem
there at
all yet you know if you're a Critic of
