is is a shift to more lightweight
building materials uh um so the recovery
of the natural state of human beings is
I think somewhat cical uh the only time
you recover the natural state of human
beings is in orgasm and in psychedelic
uh
apotheosis and then you know for
fleeting moments uh you recover it and
then you're dropped back down through
levels and levels of culture programming
obligation Matrix stuff Matrix Matrix
anyway what I wanted to get to is then
how to do this how to
get uh out of culture how to get out of
three-dimensional space how to get into
this super space well there are two main
um uh methods on the table and uh one is
through no matter how you cut it some
manipulation of the
body maybe breath control maybe diet
Maybe extreme postures maybe some sexual
technique uh could be Mantra uh etc etc
and strangely enough often
unaccompanied by substances plants or
drugs but almost always accompanied by
enormous doses of fuzzy thought and
ideology usually known as
religion uh so that there is that path
and the claim that you can achieve
somehow the Paradox of being outside
without ever leaving Culture by using
the cultural instrument of religion to
uh to make your way to the heart of the
mystery I reject this I just think it's
a it's bunk it was
something uh it was it's an effort to
close the
loophole it's an effort to channel
spiritual thirst in a direction that is
still culturally affirming but spiritual
thirst can't be culturally affirming
because it's a rejection of culture
culture generates spiritual thirst okay
so then the other method on the
table uh are
psychedelics uh Arthur Rambo the French
symbolist poet uh uh his theory of
poetry was that it could only be
achieved by what he called a a
deliberate dislocation of the
senses and uh some of you may have seen
a couple of years ago a wonderful
cartoon in the New Yorker a bunch of
businessmen sitting around a highly
polished conference room table with a
chart going down down down in the back
obviously the profits of the company and
the chairman of the Bor is saying to
this little man who has obviously just
said something he's saying uh you're
right Higgins that a deliberate
disordering of the senses worked for
Rambo but would it work for
us probably not for Acme Corporation but
it will work for us and the way it's
achieved is by uh uh dissolving the
chemical stability that lies behind the
mental and cultural stability ities in
other words going to a very deep level
going to the molecular architecture of
uh of the brain itself and then making
changes and for reasons mysterious and
certainly worthy of
discussion we are accompanied on this
planet by uh dozens and dozens of
plants that uh do this and do very
little else else in other words pose no
problem to the physical Integrity of the
body or the long-term Integrity of the
culturally constructed normal mind but
which for uh minutes or hours uh
dissolve the three-dimensional threat
detector uh construct of the mind and
replace it with something else and then
we can talk about what is the something
else uh William James said of the
newborn infant he said we are born into
a blooming buzzing
confusion which is a pretty good
description of the first 30 seconds of a
DMT flash it's a blooming buzzing
confusion well then is it simply that
all reality is psychedelic but if you
spend enough time in any reality it
tends to mundane on
is that it and if you could be high on
DMT for 4 years at the end of it you
would navigate it the way a 4-year-old
child navigates this world uh
