I'm getting anywhere uh so uh I think
it's very good to embibe these knowledge
of these spiritual techniques and have
your mantras folded and ready at your
elbow when you Plunge in there yeah yeah
um a small digression um what about
shamanic cultures this is an interesting
question um and it in anthropology it's
been a raging debate for 30 years or
more the definitive work on
Shamanism uh or the great classic work
on Shamanism is called Shamanism the
archaic techniques of ecstasy by Mercia
ilad and ilad was um Romanian who
educated in France and became a
brilliant academic wrote one of the best
books ever written on Yoga Yoga
immortality and freedom wrote a book
that changed my life forever called
Cosmos and history um many many books a
great historian of religion and but when
ilad came to the phenomenon of of
intoxication in shamanism he
completely reverted to his European
constipated male
Dominator French
structuralist uh roots and he said Nar
narcotic this was the word he used which
Noti the pharmacological imprecision of
that that right there tells you this
person doesn't quite in at the front of
the line but he said narcotic Shamanism
is decadent resort to drugs is decadent
well then Gordon Watson who was the
discoverer of the mushroom complex uh
took exactly the opposite position and
said Shamanism in the absence of
psychoactive plants is on its way to
turning into ordinary
priestcraft and religion and and
so and in my experience this is true I
mean I agree with wson for the following
reason uh there is nothing intrinsically
to be valued I think in suffering
there's I'm Buddhist enough to believe
that there's enough suffering without
inviting or creating it uh so when you
lay the Psychedelic path next to the non
psychedelic but effective path it's an
ordeal it's that's how it's done you
starve yourself you go into the will
Wilderness you pierce yourself you may
in fact take plants that are not
psychedelic but that induce severe
cramping or diarrhea or some something
like that you may be flagellated you may
be covered with red ants you may be hung
upside down you may be beaten senseless
I mean clearly to my mind what this
evces is a kind of
desperation to attain these states
almost no price is too great and you
know you start shedding blood in a
tropical environment and Europe up for
grabs for severe septicemia and all
sorts of things so it's a very heavy
thing meanwhile these plants you prepare
the concoction you take it there may be
a little gastric distress there may be a
little psychological distress but no
matter how bad it gets 6 to 12 hours
later you're able to tell the story
around the campfire and you have
smoothly cleanly cut to the center of
the Mandela and returned so I think if
we are saying that entry into the
shamanic world is uh to be achieved by
technique and all Scholars of shamanism
agree with this well then as you lay
these techniques side by side clearly
the use of hallucinogenic plants is more
sophisticated in the sense that we
judge a Maserati to be more
sophisticated than a coach and four it
simply goes faster Works smoother is
more comfortable and gets you there in
better
shape uh now some cultures are in the
unfortunate position not many but some
of having no really effective
hallucinogen in their cultural area and
in almost every case they have found a
way and people will go to Great Lengths
I'm sure as you know an example of both
a poor in my mind a poor although there
are people who would rise up in holy
wrath over this but the amonita muscaria
Cults of Western Siberia among the
tungus and Kamchatka
people I've taken Amon
