the mind has evolved as an aura of
threat detection around the body uh but
that's that is a kind of utilitarian
application of it it in the same way
that water takes the shape of any vessel
that it's poured into mind too is a kind
of fluid and takes the shape of any
vessel it's poured into so in the
ordinary circumstance of Consciousness
in three-dimensional space Consciousness
fills the threedimensional SpaceTime
Continuum and returns a description of
it to the animal body but if you will
still the body and remove the threat by
posting guards at the front of the cave
and moving back to where the Furs the
women and the children are in other
words if you will raise your comfort
level
considerably and then take these neuro
uh chaotic substances in other words
things which produce a perturbation in
ordinary brain States then the
perturbation becomes a kind of energy
that
dissolves this threat detection
architecture of
Consciousness and within all that there
is the Phoenix of hyperspace which is
what's called shamanic Consciousness and
shamanic Consciousness is not bounded by
three-dimensional space and time and can
move through the many levels of the
universe uh at the speed of thought and
it is not a body centered Consciousness
usually these states occur when for all
practical purposes the body appears
deeply asleep or dead I mean it's in
trance you're Trav in uh so mind is
apparently a a tool for the um
exploration of the dimensions that are
built into
nature and uh what Shamanism is if you
analyze it from this point of view it
becomes much more rationally
apprehendable think about the
classic um characteristics of
shamanism
shamans um are weather profits this is
very important to be able to predict the
weather shamans can predict the movement
of game and so they are directly linked
into the nutrition acquisition survival
equation of the human group that they
represent and shamans have incredible
insight into if somebody's pilfering
from somebody's food cash the shaman can
get right to the heart of this social
problem and set it right and then
finally Shaman's cure with uh quite
impressive success rates in a world
devoid of antibiotics surgery x-ray so
forth and so on they do very well so all
of this seems to Verge on the edge of
magic they seem to have a different
relationship to space time and energy
than ordinary people how do they do it
well if you imagine that the mind can
unfold in a higher spatial
Dimension then yesterday and tomorrow
are no more uh distant than today and
all locked boxes have an open door in
them and uh
uh and all all the end state of all uh
processes in time can easily be
discerned so really what a shaman is is
someone with four-dimensional perception
who carefully chooses their patients for
recovery and uh doctors will tell you
part of being a good doctor is to know
what patients to
treat uh be because uh you know there is
an EMP there and there has to be a
certain kind of linkage so I don't think
uh in principle there is a violation of
physics involved there is simply a
violation or a broadening of the
definition of of what perception is well
then the question becomes how to reach
these states yeah Cheryl well this is a
track that I think of often like the
Mind assuming the shape of the vessel
that it's put in because I deal a lot
with people who are in the process of
dying who have lost the person that they
love most in the world so I deal with
people that are really pushed up against
the edge of the most traumatic
experiences in their life and what I
find to be so rewarding and valuable
