50 has a different set of receptors for
this and can hold presence and uh and
work through it so you need to study the
CL classic shamanic huc uh hallucinogen
using complexes in the world and they
are um without an effort to be
exhaustive uh the psilocybon complex in
Mexico based on many species of
mushrooms occurring there especially in
the Sierra maitea the iasa complex in
the Amazon basin which is a
combinatory uh thing made of two plants
which synergize each other the iboga
complex in Western Africa which runs on
ebo gain uh uh which is derivative of
tabernanthe Boga the Peyote complex of
the American
southwest uh and then arguably not a
psychedelic but since arguably we'll
include it the worldwide presence of the
cannabis complex in different
manifestations so and then of course the
entire issue of synthetic
chemistry uh it's often been thought
that I am some kind of monotheist about
plants and denounce all synthetic
chemistry it isn't from some kind of
absolute it's simply that with synthetic
chemistry you don't have the kind of
database you have with a plant take a
plant iasa probably been used 5 or 6,000
years so we have our human data sample
we know that this doesn't cause
blindness miscarriage birth defects
Madness so forth and so on a drug fresh
out of the laboratory that you've had a
good response from 12 people with is by
no means suddenly safe I mean t of
thousands of people have to take this
drug for many years before you can
absolutely certify and the other thing
to remember is no drug is safe you can
kill yourself with water if you drink
enough of it uh drugs are
poisons uh this is what they are and the
question is you know the judicious use
of poisons elicits certain responses but
you definitely uh want to have this this
understanding well so then there is a
vast literature about all this an
anthropological literature a chemical
literature uh and to some degree
philosophical and analytical literature
and reading all these descriptions you
eventually something attracts you and
then the question is how to do it and
the way to do it I think especially in
the beginning is uh
in silent Darkness on an empty stomach
you don't want to see the culture
psychedelically put through a
psychedelic filter you want to see the
ding on SE of it the thing in itself so
you just want to put a black and Silent
screen behind it and people say well but
won't it be boring having obviously
meditated no it's not like that uh
people who are honest meditators will
tell you that it's the most boring
undertaking in the world that somehow
it's it's a metaphysic of boredom is
what it is you know it's it's it's uh
but the way you do psychedelics is you
sit and you close your eyes but notice
that when most people sit and close
their
eyes they fall
inward they have closed their eyes so
why should they continue to look outward
but I think it's very important in the
state of anticipation of the Psychedelic
meaning before it comes on and as it
comes on to sit with eyes closed but
looking simply imagine that there is a
Surface a black surface a foot in front
of your face and just watch it and
somehow this expectation of seeing is a
permission to structures in the brain to
begin to present and then once of course
the lock is made it's often difficult to
turn it off but getting the channel
tuned in right at the beginning can be
tricky and all the techniques of un
psychedelic spiritual Pursuit work in
the presence of psychedelics in my
experience it's the only time they work
so in other words prama yantra Mantra
suddenly these things are become as
advertised rather than oh um you know
I've said it 10,000 times I'm not sure
