about working with people in that state
is that all the facades drop away all
the [ __ ] all the defenses and what's
left is just this raw core pure essence
of genuine being and it makes me realize
how un fortunately it rare it is to
encounter that and you talked about
getting safe from the Tigers I mean we
don't have tigers that we have to
protect ourselves from but dear God
Almighty we have so many other things
that we're so involved in protecting
ourselves from that we've got these
layers and layers and layers and layers
of defense that keep us from being in
touch with I think those shamanic ways
of being are our natural human resource
that we all have and the great sadness
and the Heartbreak for me is that we're
so out of touch with it that we're
wasting the greatest asset from being
alive and instead we fill our minds with
this absolute dear God dribble I mean
don't we I mean what what are the things
that we think about most of the time
it's dribble and I mean we're very lucky
here it's very pretty and everything's
very nice and we can have pleasant
conversation but to really get to the
core issues of what we're doing here and
why we here and what we could be using
this experience for is such a contrast
to me that I welcome this kind of
conversation well see the problem is I
think that culture is a flight from
reality yes it is all culture is a
flight from reality so to the degree
that you are normal whether you're woto
or manhattanite or Parisian but to the
degree that you are normal it that means
how Su you are very successfully taking
part in the flight the cultural flight
from reality you are supporting the mass
hallucination and paying dues into it
and it it's difficult in an age like now
where there's so much stress on
ethnicity and community and roots and
all that to preach this to preach that
culture is not your friend it's a trap
it's a it's a limit but really radical
human freedom is what you were born for
and culture is a kind of placenta which
if you develop normally by around age 20
you have no need of it and in fact
you've recognized the toxic nature of it
and are trying to put it behind you and
and and get away from it that is a
rationale for many people living in in
in cities in large you know in in
Virtual environment of of Steel and
glass with no with no contact to to the
natural world and their justification
for that is oh well there's culture
where else am I going
to good point these are the same people
who when you suggest to them that their
children watch too much TV they say but
if they didn't watch TV how would they
learn about
nature these wonderful
programs it's really funny that you have
that take on the on the urban experience
because you know I've since August been
recently thrown into the American Urban
experience of Manhattan and what's so
interesting to me is how many people I
meet that say well I'm in Manhattan
because I don't have to participate in
culture I'm in Manhattan because I can
do my own thing and nobody cares nobody
pays attention I'm not violating the
community that I grow up with I'm not
violating my parents I can get away with
you can be lost in a sense it's a kind
of jungle yeah that's interesting uh
yeah well the word virtual was used here
obviously you're all aware there's a lot
of balyo now about virtual reality and
the critics of it say it will further
artificialized and remove us from our
Roots there is nothing new happening
here except that we're going from stucco
and steel and masonry to photons on a
tube when they built ER they were
building a virtual reality and when they
all marched inside and closed the gates
they were inside a mental construction
of human beings that was entirely
artificial and we've been there ever
since and all this computer Revolution
