future we are going to Simply have to
solve many of our problems
pragmatically for instance right now we
have many problems
AIDS overpopulation this and that all of
these problems could be solved except
that we have one rule when we approach a
problem the solution must make
money there are many problems where the
solution there is no solution that makes
money so if you refuse any solution but
that type you're you're U
River well anyway that's a slight
digression
uh sure lead me back however I will say
that there are a few there are a few on
my bookshelf and that's a horrible way
to do it and I agree with you I really
agree with you but there are a few in my
bookshelf Franklin Mar wolf would be one
uh [ __ ] Krishna would be another yoganand
from people that I've met that that
spent time with him might might be a
third I feel better about the first two
there are people in history that really
seem to be
biotypic well you know Alis Huxley said
a very interesting thing about
psychedelics and I think it addresses
this he he said of psychedelics he said
it is a gratuitous
Grace now what does this mean it means
it is neither
necessary nor sufficient for
salvation it is neither necessary nor
sufficient
for salvation but it certainly
helps it's so taking psychedelics
doesn't make you a superior person uh
I'm this interests me very much because
I've now been at this for 30 years and
your original question are we better
people fascinates me because if we are
not better people for doing this then
we're just another cult we're like the
Mormons or shoko Sahara or it's just we
have this closed system of belief we do
this thing we say it makes you better
it's no different from Lan or montreana
or some other practice it's just our
practice is fairly radical and we claim
it makes us better people uh well yeah
and and what I'm saying is rather than
take the thing in itself and say to does
this make us better or not what what is
the set of to-dos that does make us
better what is that set how do we do
that what's the what's the manual look
like well my my argument in favor of
that it how that it does make us better
and here's how is that um Love is is
obviously the highest human ideal I mean
that's like a cliche to say that but
love is the highest human ideal well
love
uh consists it seems to me largely of
boundary
dissolution that we become we merge with
the thing loved we soften our boundaries
and of course male U um primate
sexuality has to do with penetration and
Mer all sexuality except some fish
usually there's some shared sharing of
space and so forth well these
psychedelics in that sense then are
inherently uh uh Amorous or inherently
sexy because that's what they do they
dissolve boundaries between you and
other people and other things and as a
primate when the boundary is dissolved
what you feel is love or if you're
traumatized by bad upbringing and
childhood abuse and who knows what when
the boundaries dissolve what you feel is
fear but if you have if you are not
damaged the proper response is love and
I think through the psychedelics if you
have fear and we all do believe me
because it it's terrifying to shed the
old
carapace uh but beyond the fear lies the
love if you can persist through it and
and so really the demand that uh
psychedelic make on us and this may be
another reason why perhaps we tend to be
better people that's all I would say is
psychedelics demand of us
courage every single person who says
they've done psychedelics several dozen
times is a courageous person you're
