standing in the presence of
fearlessness because otherwise people
turn away from it and I think courage is
probably a good value value probably
makes you a good person to hike in the
woods with or have an affair with or
whatever so it makes us courageous and
it dissolves boundaries which let in
love or fear and the fear that they let
in can be transformed in the Psychedelic
State through an inner Alchemy into love
that's why you know the most dramatic
personality Transformations I've ever
seen including my own
have been psychedelically induced and
just happen on the dime you know you go
into it person a and 12 hours later you
come out and you are not that it doesn't
always work like that I mean that's but
nothing else ever works like that so and
uh speed seems to expand people's
tolerance for sexual activity that they
would ordinarily refuse they will accept
under speed so these compounds change
our sexual values around and a society
using psilocybin on a regular basis
would dissolve this male dominance
hierarchy and replace it I think with
the glue of an orgiastic and more
egalitarian system and for a long long
time we lived like that and in that
period when we lived like that language
music uh compassion love all the higher
values emerged well then at some point
and for complicated reasons not
necessary to discuss unless you want to
uh the mushrooms
disappeared and the chemical fix that
had been in place for thousands and
thousands of years that was suppressing
this older male dominant style of
behavior just drained out of the system
and suddenly men were very interested in
controlling women's Behavior and the
orgies were cancelled and the levels of
anxiety began to rise and people began
to think in terms of turf and property
and my children and my food and uh in
short the Hideous Union of the animal
and the spiritual that we meet in
ourselves came into being we are like
the inheritors of a
functional childhood or something
something terrible happened to all of us
in our past for a 100,000 years we were
at our most human without material
culture living in a world of magic and
song and
sexuality and uh husbandry you know
living lightly on the land herding
cattle uh in the presence of mushrooms
this seems to be that was the climax of
the of the uh pre- technical phase well
then agriculture changed all that
created surpluses ended nomadism
provided a resend Detra for cities the
return of male dominance ended in God
Kings and standing armies uh and then
you know we've had 5,000 years of this
now 6,000 7,000 whatever and we're at
the end of our rope you know we the
planet is at crisis our politicians are
clueless uh divine intervention is our
best hope either from flying saucers or
the second coming or something and in
the presence of so much obvious
overwhelming difficulty uh people are
turning more and more toward irrational
faiths and just waiting for the space
Brothers to pull us out of this mess uh
his penis was starting to shrink oh yeah
well you know to quote A Grateful Dead
song you can't go back and you can't
stand still if the Thunder don't get you
then the lightning will uh this thing
has was set in motion a 100,000 years
ago and uh now we are caught in the
consequences of our
forebears stupid decision
or brilliant decisions whatever but
we're being forced through I mean I I
agree that uh there's a lot of Q Force
building up in the in the society in
other words vibration it's almost like
as you try to push an air foil through
the sound barrier as you approach
Hypersonic velocity the thing begins to
shake and if it hasn't been correctly
designed the wings will tear off but if
it has been in correctly designed the Q
