perhaps probably so although possibly
not there you do come in with that kind
of
chaotic yeah we do and but when you
burst into the DMT space you don't
arrive as the toas of the newborn infant
you arrive with your huser and your
Pythagoras and all the rest of it fully
intact in your hip
pocket uh if you need to use it well so
uh long before written culture long
before cities so forth and so on this
potential for the the uh dissolving and
recrystallizing of the Mind through the
use of plants had been discovered it may
have been one of the very earliest
discoveries of human beings uh and uh it
it I believe and argued in my book U
food of the gods that these things
actually
synergize
uh High states of information processing
and transfer that spoken language itself
is a kind of overflowing of the cup of
thought into the verbal circuitry that
is occasioned by pushing the human
envelope uh with the presence of
psychedelic
compounds and uh the way this works in a
shamanistic society is
uh most Aboriginal societies have
located in their environment plants that
are effective in uh causing this sort of
state to occur and these will be
inevitably with very few exceptions
indult
containing plants uh all of the
interesting psychedelics with the
exception of masculine which is an
amphetamine an alpha salvinorin which is
I believe an
isoquinoline uh everything is an Indo
LSD DMT psilocybin eoan and it's a it's
quite a small family they are all
serotonin antagonists and they are all
structural competitors for uh the bond
site the the receptor site in the
nervous system where all of this stuff
goes on uh I suppose we should talk or
at least mention the fact that the use
of these things is illegal in most
societies and uh and furiously
suppressed in some societies I don't
find this very interesting I just think
it has to do with the suppression of
most effective means for getting out of
culture uh sex itself would be illegal
if they could find a way to make it so
it obviously uh seems to threaten the
social order as much as uh
psychedelics well so then if you're
interested in these things beyond the
the mere
abstract acquisition of data then
there's a lot of detail work ahead of
you you have to learn a lot about plants
a lot about Aboriginal cultures a lot
about chemistry and a lot about
yourself and then you bring all this
together and search for a tool that
works for you and you know human beings
are highly
variable I took a course years ago from
Sasha and uh at one there were about 500
people in this class it was a class in
forensic chemistry of all things and at
one point he brought in in a test tube a
little compound that was passed around
and sniffed and out of 500 people two
had a violent physical reaction to this
stuff and then he told us the range of
sensitivity in human beings uh to this
compound is over three orders of
magnitude and so the person sitting next
to you could be 10 10,000 times more
sensitive to this chemical than you are
uh so uh you sort of have to learn the
landcape of your own nervous system some
people there are powerful shamanic
systems for example built on douras
tropanes uh the the things that occur in
gimson weed and these
arborescent uh douras that you see used
in landscaping with the beautiful
pendulous fragrant flowers those contain
powerful mind altering substances I
can't take those things because they I
become Delirious it's a useless state to
me I become confused and many people
that's their reaction but maybe one in
