muscaria I know many people who've taken
it it's an extreme extremely trying
experience at best and
uh I don't think you could build a
religion of ecstasy around it unless you
were in a desperately sensory deprived
environment with no other uh intoxicants
available to support my argument the
Amanita Cults collapsed almost
immediately upon contact with
vodka and the so in other words the
minds of these Siberian Shaman these two
vehicles laid side by side their
traditional mushroom and vodka vodka was
to be preferred uh people have made much
of Amon muscaria but even its most uh
enthusiastic proponents admit that they
could never get off so that you know
that's a severe Mark against one of
these things they must be effective one
of the things that has held up the
development of this this field I briefly
mentioned it yesterday was the
unwillingness of researchers to
experience these things you know to go
and live with an Aboriginal people and
see that every new and full moon they
they take something and the whole
society goes through changes and then
they talk of nothing else until the next
time they take it and this is what they
live for and you're studying their
language and their value system and all
this and you don't do it
it makes no sense at all and yet until
very recently if you were to do it your
colleagues back at uh Miss Atomic
University would whip their knives out
and denounce you as unprofessional going
back to the bush not good method uh so
forth and so on so there been an
enormous phobia about contacting this by
academics and uh and so it's it's been
left to
countercultures to Fringe people to
individual experimenters to accentrics
of various types and in the underground
then an enormous
database has been built up uh nobody
knows as much about psychedelics as
people in the underground because
they're the people who've actually taken
them correlated the data and uh and kept
track of it so we're almost we have an
official science of
pharmacology and then we have this oddly
developing subculture and uh you know it
used to
be 10 years ago I suppose that a genuine
Shaman was a a a person in a traditional
culture uh ministering to the needs of
of a tribal group somewhere now there
are a large number number I don't know
thousands of people who I consider
full-fledged
shamans and full-fledged members of
cyber El electric culture I mean
Shamanism is not necessarily a
phenomenon of the upper river and
Offroad uh so here are people there are
people who have all the tools of
Western science and epistemology they've
been to Harvard they studied philosophy
and Science and all mathematics and they
are fully empowered with the tools of
archaic Shamanism they've been to these
places and strangely enough uh in many
cases these are some of the most
creative people in the culture I mean I
don't think he would mind me mentioning
him in this context somebody like Mark
pesi who is you know a full-on
psychedelic technopagan and and the
genius who created vrml which is going
to let us all walk into cyberspace
high-tech and Sham and shamanic cultures
are almost uh
overlapping in this country and I think
it has to do with the fact that and this
is what I mentioned last night talking
about the toxicity of
ideology that we're we're moving into a
post ideological World we're moving
living into a world where the bankruptcy
of ideology is obvious all ideologies
are faiths even science can be
demonstrated to be a faith that rests on
certain revealed truths which are never
uh
questioned uh to build a non-toxic
