at 4: and uh if you don't like the way
this is going come armed with questions
and agendas thank
you if anybody wants to talk about
so I hope you're enjoying esselin and
making good use of your time one way or
another this evening we'll talk about
the uh the time wave I see the computer
is in the room so assuming we can get it
up and running uh we'll talk about that
uh before I get started this afternoon I
just I want to give you my URL so
that uh you can find the website the the
website is really my substitute for
myself and I'm trying to make it more
interesting than I am by far and I've
only been at it a year but it's already
up over 15
megabytes and growing and the idea is
that if I have some enthusiasm I put it
on the website and then even though my
interest May wander elsewhere and I no
longer care about reform in the SE
shells or something else it's there in
its pristine form spell checked
Illustrated hair combed that's the way
we want to be seen so um and there are
many many
pointers to everything
from developments in AI to
pharmacology to nasty pictures uh
because it's a huge website so uh if
some part of what is touched on here
physics mathematics chemistry sociology
you want to follow up uh go to the
website and uh there will be a button
there for you so just to take one of
these and hand them
around and uh that'll probably do it for
the whole
group you all understand what a URL is a
uniform resource located exactly he tell
you much
more well but at least you
know it's it's the address as it were of
the website on the internet on the
worldwide web this guy's for real he's
alive he'll talk to me wow you mean
because you imagine people who write
books reside in some Seventh Heaven
unaccessible by normal human being well
are just inundated with too much stuff
to bother with you know with a question
about your writing it was great great
stuff yeah well it's nice to get
questions uh to put the greatness of
writers in perspective uh I'll tell you
a story about the last time I dealt with
my publisher at Bantam in New York
sitting across from those people uh
above the 50th floor how I come off to
them is well now let's see Mr McKenna we
have current sales figures in front of
us you're kind of a 60,000 copy kind of
guy aren't you and frankly Mr McKenna
around here that really Butters no bread
uh we're interested in the million plus
seller we can carry people like you of
course uh given that we have uh
substantial successes in other fields
but an on and on like that to which I
replied so I guess you're not taking me
to dinner at
elain's which was true not even
tea well is there anything out of this
morning that anybody wants to take up uh
yeah I had um a question when you were
talking about growing um psilocybin and
then or growing the mushrooms and I
um it just kind of sparked something in
me do you have um a connection with the
davic Realms the nature Spirits is that
something that comes up for you in this
work well I don't know is a self-
transforming elf machine a DEA I don't
what do you mean this is a phrase that
has been associated with me for many
many years uh I encounter self-
transforming elf
machines which are creatures
entities perhap apps although they're
not made out of matter they're made out
of as nearly as I can figure it out
they're made out of syntax driving light
but if what your
question addresses is the issue of
entities on the other
side uh there are definitely entities on
the other side uh for me and there seem
to be such for many many other people
