nuts and there are other gas I mean I
mean just because something is
epigenetic does not mean it's a part of
nature it's I mean no I agree I agree
with you but I say people sense this
difference it would be quite astonishing
if there were no epigenetic Behavior
outside of human beings that would
indicate it was some kind of dissent
from above but I think when Nature is
fully
understood there will be no dramatic
transitions everything is anticipated
everything is sort of it begins as a
theme and then Rises to dominate uh the
orchestra the other and more exciting
possibility is that we are entirely
under the control of higher order
genetic programming and that history is
a genetic process that has a purpose and
that it is like gestation or fruition or
something and that and uh you know a
good example to have in your
intellectual toolbox is the slime mold
slime molds are these organisms which
have a very peculiar life cycle uh let's
cut in at a random point in their life
cycle and what we find are amiea likee
creatures almost microscopic living in
the soil the decaying leaves and stuff
of the forest floor they look like
single celled amoeba but at a certain
point one of these individual ual amoeba
undergoes some kind of uh stimulus it's
not well understood and it begins to
emit a chemical signal which says come
to where I am and these amids which may
be spread out over a few square yards of
the forest floor they all begin to
congregate at this spot where this
chemical signal is being broadcast from
and as they arrive by the millions the
original cell and the first arrivals on
the scene are literally lifted into the
air by the arrival of millions and
millions of individuals and this thing
forms which is a couple of inches long
and has a pointed stock on it and now
we're looking at a macrophysical
organism with a weight in
grams and uh it then sporulates
and bursts and these spores spread out
through the air and descend to the
forest floor and become these free
living and me boid things and the whole
cycle starts over again so this is what
is this is this an animal that is
dissolved into its cells at one stage of
its existence or is it millions of
animals that at one stage of their
existence aggregate together to form
something roughly analogous to a human
City uh I prefer the the pre the former
explanation it seems to me that
um and and we are like that and history
could well be a process like that uh
something is torn loose in our species
having to do with information processing
and coding and we have we have a we
literally have a symbiotic relationship
with the word and Western Civilization
begins you know in principio at verbum
at verbo
Cara in the beginning was the word and
the word is made flesh so we're like the
carriers of this strange relationship to
a
logos a a kind of mind that doesn't seem
to be made of matter but that seems to
permeate this planet and various
cultures in contact this on various
levels I mean this is this is the spirit
world of the shaman this is the logos
world of the Greek uh Golden Age so
forth and so on and some societies call
it God and some call it Gaia and some
call it illusion but all societies are
aware of it as a as a potential
experience I think history has a purpose
and that the obvious no way backness of
it
indicates that it it is some kind of
process that is uh it is designed it is
not a random walk it's not the
accumulation of endless blunders it's
actually has a a purpose and an intent
and it's a style and when it is
fulfilled it will be uh it will be
replaced by something else yeah do you
all understand the meme is uh kind kind
