seems to be what is happening I've
thought a lot about language as a result
of that and I several things about it
first of all it is the most remarkable
thing we do I think and we talked a
little bit this morning about
epigenetic behaviors Chomsky showed that
language the Deep structure of language
is under genetic control but the the
that's like the Assembly Language level
local expressions of language are
epigenetic uh and it seems to me that
language anguage is some kind of
Enterprise of human beings that is not
finished that we have we have now left
the grunts and the digs of the elbow
somewhat in the dust but the most
articulate
brilliantly pronounced and projected
English or French or German or Chinese
is still a
poor carrier of our intent a very
limited bandwidth for the intense
compression of data that we are trying
to put across to each other and it
occurs to me from studying mlan and
other people
that the ratios of the
senses the ratio between the eye and the
ear and so forth this also is not
genetically fixed there are ear cultures
and there are eye cultures
print cultures and electronic cultures
so it may be that uh our Perfection and
our completion lies in the Perfection
and completion of the word again this
curious theme of the word and its effort
to concretize itself a language that you
can see is far less
ambiguous than a language that you here
if I read the paragraph of PR then we
could spend the rest of the afternoon
discussing what did he mean but if we
look at a piece of sculpture by Henry
Moore we can discuss what did he mean
but at a certain level there is a kind
of shared
Bedrock that isn't in the pr passage we
each stop at a different level with the
textual passage with the
threedimensional
object we all sort of start from the
same place and then work out our
interpretations you know is it a nude is
it an animal uh is it bronze is it wood
is it poignant is it comical so forth
and so on so uh this is a you know not a
very scientific part of the WRA because
it's very hard to convince people that
there are nonhuman intelligences this
side of ganble gbi and when you tell
them that these non-human intelligences
are ex accessed through the diminutive
mushrooms growing on their front lawn
they just write you off as a
squirrel uh but this question of the
nonhuman intelligence is very very much
on the agenda all shamans in all times
and places have uh have claimed this and
the thing that so pleases me about DMT
is you know a lot of people will not
take a psychedelic like LSD or
psilocybin or something because it lasts
hours and hours inevitably a thing
lasting that long you're going to end up
dealing with your stuff your anxiety
your fear your this and that a lot of
people don't care for that sort of thing
whether that's good or bad is another
issue with
DMT it lasts 4 minutes and so how how
lost in an examination of childhood
trauma can you get in 4 minutes
especially when you have hundreds of
elves tugging at your coat sleeves so
it's uh it's really an incredibly
powerful tool you know we have the UFO
people claiming there are non-human
intelligences but they have no method of
reliable method of contact that works
for a skeptic the great thing about DMT
is it doesn't require
belief a quality I mentioned last night
as belonging to the truth the truth
requires no belief it is the truth um
I'm sure there are probably people
listening to my words at this moment who
have encountered these entities uh this
to my mind is is the great and chilling
mystery in the center of the
