of you could say it's the basic if genes
are the basic units of biology memes are
the basic units of ideology and culture
so fascism is a
meme uh Madonna is a meme uh all
ideologies and all uh uh short-term
cultural phenomena are memes and these
memes
compete whatever happened to Boy George
that kind of thing you know apparently
some go extinct and some and they can be
replicated I mean when I tell you when
you repeat my opinion it means you have
copied the meme in the same way that you
could copy a gene and when I write a
book I am replicating my inner memes and
sending out thousands of copies somewhat
analogous to a virus and so inside
Society these memes are competing uh
that's what that's what Buchanan means
when he talks about cultural War it's
the meme war that he's talking about
shall we be white Christian upright
rectitudinous human beings or shall we
be dope smoking
homoerotic these are all memes and uh as
you said very well they compete and the
human world is an environment which
these memes compete and hopefully over
time there is some kind of maximization
of something I don't want to say
progress although casually people speak
of progress like we're supposed to
believe that high Digger is somehow has
a deeper insight into reality
than I don't know I wouldn't say Plato
that I don't think there's been progress
there but who who what no I said please
don't
was a bad
example the Psychedelic meme is a
perfect example I mean that's a very
strong coherent definable meme it's been
furiously suppressed but continues to
survive it's a healthy meme uh it's able
to infect rapidly and spread through
populations and somehow they acru some
benefit to it and uh and so it's
preserved I don't know how we got off on
this um anybody else anything else we
still haven't really gotten to what I
plan to talk about this morning and
we're almost done that's a good sign
going well it was basically just to make
sure you're fully up to speed on the
Psychedelic options available no pun
intended uh for example if you have a
problem with the illegality of some of
these substances
then alpha salvinorin or Salvia
divinorum is a new plant and a new
Compound on the scene not scheduled not
illegal perfectly okay to grow possess
advocate give people so forth and so on
and uh quite
radical uh dislocation of the senses in
Rambo phrase uh occurs with this it also
has some
interesting technical aspects to it the
most impressive being it's active at the
1 mgram level 1,000 micrograms of this
stuff and it's
smoked so this is a 1 mgram smokable
psychedelic that knocks the pins out
from under you pretty dramatically for
about 45 minutes uh the leaf can be
chewed the plant can be grown as a house
plant um so forth and so on so that
that's one option that's available the
other thing you might he the name again
Salvia divinorum yeah I'm growing some
somebody gave me a p and so what do I do
with it how do I if you just want to
take the the leaf get some big leaves
and there's some controversy about how
much you need or whether a lot is more
than a little uh but anyway I took 35 G
so and but it was a huge mouthful I must
say so try 20 G and weigh it remove the
mid Vin so it loses volume roll it up
into a package and shove it in your
mouth and lie down in darkness and
slowly squeeze and chew it in order to
expel this juice into your mouth and lie
still and after about 15 or 20 minutes
you'll see what's called streaming
Violet Blobs of light sliding past your
eyes you see this after orgasm sometimes
and you see it in anticipation of
psychedelics often so that will happen
