times I've been in the Amazon like
walking along a trail in the late
afternoon and suddenly it will just hit
you it's just and strangely enough smell
is an incredibly
imprecise sense
standing in a jungle smelling a strange
smell and asking the question what makes
this smell there are thousands of
sources you know you look around you
have no idea but yeah I think it occurs
in in as um as a volatile in flowers as
some kind of an attractant it has a
sweet sharp
indolic smell that's very
piercing
yeah Syrian R Syrian Ru is pagam harala
that plant I mentioned as the source of
an MAO inhibitor if you're interested in
making these doing experiments becoming
a shaman SL Alchemist and experimenting
with making your own Pharm aasa get
Jonathan A's book called iasa analoges I
think they have it some copies here and
uh he describes his self experiments and
uh
it's a little book very useful it's very
satisfying I might say to to make your
own stuff I mean I wrote a book with my
brother years ago called psilocybon the
magic mushroom Growers
guide growing it is really a
wonderful uh experience I mean I don't
want to Advocate it absolutely because
you could be dragged away to the can for
years there's that little detail
uh but absent that the way you
experience the organism when you grow it
is incredible because you you take a a
$25 sack of Rye a human food that's all
it is you buy it at the organic grocery
it's a human food you take it home you
have this snowy white melium it's as
pure it it it's a symbol of Purity it's
white
and it will convert it 12% dry weight
into Tan on a cotle the Flesh of the
Gods you know the doorway into the
mysterium and uh so it's and it gets you
out of the cycle of criminal syndicalism
that inevitably acrs to fancy dope
dealing uh you have produced it you know
every stage of its uh unfoldment and you
have a very strong relationship with it
the other thing is growing mushrooms
teaches all kinds of Virtues which serve
you very well while tripping virtues
like constancy attention to
detail uh
patience uh so forth and so on so if
you're wondering if you should take
mushrooms and you're really in a dilemma
about it grow them if you can grow them
you can take them I mean that is the
certain entry into it and of course
there's a certain mystical faith that we
who grow are somehow more deeply in the
service of this thing than those who
simply trip uh that's probably [ __ ]
but it keeps us at the knife and the
flame there of a Papa Mama feeling about
it bringing them little heads up well
when you see a large mushroom project go
into fruiting it's awesome it's awesome
the power of this thing what a Workhorse
this organism is this thing is it's so
efficient I mean imagine 12% conversion
of Rye to psilocybin to put that in
perspective that
$25 bag of Rye becomes
$35,000 6 weeks later it current market
prices uh I mean not to bring the
mundane in here uh but there's nothing
wrong with feeding your children either
and staying off welfare and so forth and
so on uh did you want to say something
did you want to say no how much how much
trouble how much irritation have you had
from the government because of your
public stand and you're easily
identified and all that sort of thing
well now this will be a hard swallow for
all of us because the great faith of our
culture is that paranoia is never
inappropriate um
none none ever I don't know what that
means I'm paranoid enough to assume it
must mean I work for them uh how else
could that be
possible the other possibility is that
