religion or even psychedelic but more a
way of being in which one is open and
receptive to the um incredible patterns
that exist within life and within
Wilderness and and maybe this is the the
shamans who don't need psychedelics are
able to to contact that and my own
experience in providing a very safe
experience for myself alone with great
deal of solitude in Wilderness is that
things happen which are absolutely
magical and it seems to come out of my
willingness to
play and to imagine and to love the
things in my
environment and that's a little bit what
you're talking about with your
experience and I would like that to be
considered as a as a viable way of
achieving the the unity and the love of
these
um of life that you're talking about
well the key thing I think in what you
said was to be open and aware uh you can
go to the Wilderness and it it it's
harder for some people than others but
psychedelics certainly make it easier uh
I mean I've sat it's it makes it simply
like with LSD in Wilderness what I found
is it simply makes it possible to sit
still an unearthly amount of time and
that's all you have to do for it all to
to go on as soon as you disappear into
the landscape then stuff begins to
happen I mean amazing things go on I sat
once on a beach in Asia Stoned on LSD
and a a little crab came along and
cleaned my
fingernails every one of them it just
moved from finger nail to fingernail you
had this little claw and it etched them
out and it took a long time and I was
just just like this and it would climb
down one finger go out to the other one
finish go down here and it you know
how only Buddha or LSD can give you that
kind of to sit
still I think it's um and maybe I've
misunderstood people but I think it's a
really weird construct to dmize humans
from nature we don't say that an or the
termites have separated themselves up by
from Nature by building a termite Hill
which is which is a really good
skyscraper for termites and and why why
all of a sudden when we put when man
goes out and builds a skyscraper and
puts himself in it he don't longer
participates in nature is it seems so
strange to me I mean cuz we're in a
terrarium not like we can go leave it's
just we we have we have a it's such a
weird thing to me to say that if you do
certain things sitting on the Rock is in
nature sitting at the top of the World
Trade Center is not I mean we can't
judge that we can't judge it it just
seems so strange to well there are two
there's a categorical difference that
people sense but can't always articulate
and what it is is uh nature is a genetic
machine of some sort everything is under
the control of genes except that when
you get to human beings there are these
things called epigenetic behaviors in
other words how you make a Chevrolet is
not written into the DNA of human beings
the
anthill is a genetic program but what we
are is frequently
out of control of our genetic Heritage
we don't behave like automata we speak
many languages that's unheard of a a
species which has more which has
localized communication systems and yet
that's how we do it there is no human
Universal way of communicating we've
culturally fragmented that pardon me
have local dialects you
yeah yeah I mean see I think there's I
mean and I don't want to get into huge
arguments with me but there's there's
you know oh no don't be
shy different tribes of gorilla crack
nuts
differently okay I mean it's not just a
human characteristic there are some that
use a a rock and a log and they put the
nut in the log and they crack it and
there are other girls that can't crack
