some of these strains are pretty stiff
red
turkey is a is a strain of feris sendin
that is pretty pretty potent um there's
a plant called desmanthus elano Anis the
Illinois bundle weed which apparently
was not used by the North American
Indians it's only been about 4 years
that it has been discovered that the
root bark of this plant is
intensely uh contains
DMT and wild Crafters are now collecting
it and you can buy uh that plant if you
go to Mexico uh there's a material sold
in Mexican pharmacies called the
Pesco which is the root bark of of
mimosa hostiles the same imp plant
implicated in Brazil in a cult call of a
drug called venod deara Jara Jara uh
that is a very mysterious and not well
understood DMT preparation taken orally
apparently without an MAO inhibitor or
the MAO inhibitor must also be present
in the single plant from which it's
prepared uh other sources of DMT uh Les
these a by color that's a clover like
ground cover
um those are probably uh the main ones
so people are experimenting with these
things and making Pharma and in some
cases getting off I mean there's a lot
of clenched guts and uh you know hanging
over the porcelain Bowl in this line of
research but if you hit it right you'd
be very gratified yeah well that's the
great thing about having an underground
you get human data that you could never
get in a situation of government
licensing because people are willing to
take chances I I have I had a real
bummer one time I took half a dose of
mushrooms and half a dose of
iasa and uh it had me praying for Mercy
it it it was not not like anything I've
ever I've seen some weird territory but
what this was was apparent as I analyzed
it later what must have been happening
was shortterm memory simply was not
transcripting and so I was sitting there
stoned out of my mind and then this
thought would come something's wrong
something's wrong so then I would search
through pulse
heartbeat nothing's wrong you say oh
nothing's wrong okay and go back to the
trip 15 seconds later something's wrong
say nothing's wrong you know and it it
got loopier and loopier and and I had
remember that amazing scene in 2001
where the guy is outside the ship and he
says uh open the pod door Hal and he
says I can't do that Dave and I had this
image of the molecular Machinery jammed
I could almost see it I could see the
molecule locked in the in the synaptic
receptor C and it it was
like and I was it was building toward
panic and I finally I just I somehow got
hold of myself and I had a picture which
I'm sure you've all had this picture of
myself in a locked Ward somewhere just
they check in once every 36 hours and
wash Down the
Walls uh
so and then I so I just said I'm just
going to sit here until it leaves and I
did and after about an hour of real
hell it you could just almost feel it
click and begin to drift out of the
receptor and then the chemical the
pharmacokinetic Dynamics of the thing
cutting said oh we're going to live to
tell the tale apparently yeah there is a
wildflower that grows in the spring and
feels and California that when I I don't
know the name of it those little purple
flowers and if allowed if the plant's
allowed to continue to grow it becomes a
woody stem Green Leaf sort of a sage
green with a stem of little purple
flowers I'm sure some of you must know
what it is they also come occasionally
in yellow when I walk through a field of
those I smell BMP I know that DMT is
there somewhere but I have no idea how
I'm sure you're right I mean I there's a
there's a yellow flowering tropical
bahamia in a bot Garden near where I
live in Hawaii and the smell is it just
rivets you when you walk by and many
