they are even stupider than we suppose I
mean I've used to say you know I just
use big words that's all that g they
don't clock that it never appears on
their screen another possibility which
should is equally humbling to all of us
is that this isn't worth bothering with
you know some
freewheeling Irish [ __ ] artist and
his docel flock uh who cares you know I
sort of have the idea that there's
something called uh
there's something called the 5% Rule and
and it's that you can believe anything
Advocate anything practice anything and
as long as you don't gain adherence of
greater than 5% of the population you do
not become a budgetary item for
repression unless you start gassing
subway stations or murdering judges or
something and then of course you have to
be uh dealt with but is
effective um I mean I worked as
paramedic for five six years and we get
penol overdoses and you the sad thing
about it is most people are making a
price of Health thinking oh it's just
time you know they'll be able to do
something for me and they
can't lots of proac
admissions from um that's interesting uh
well proac is a very U peculiar drug in
the sense that it never seem seems to
work the same way twice uh I'm not sure
it I I think it um I think timing is
very important with proac I really think
Prozac hasn't been understood it's being
used to treat
depression I think what it is is it's
the Magic Bullet for
uh what is it called seasonal light
deficit syndrome I just think we are not
supposed to be living this far north and
that every year we go through a
culturally managed depression called
winter or
holidays and people say you know why do
I feel like [ __ ] and there are a million
reasons but the real reason is because
you're not in the tropics dude and uh I
I took Prozac uh in the past and the
feeling when everything was stripped
away I said you know what is this
feeling that this drug gives
me it's the feeling that it's
summertime it your body tells you that
it's the good old summer time and uh you
know your body likes being told that I
think it's terrible I live in Hawai and
so I'm very aware every
September uh the media of course has a
totally Mainland cast and so every
September you say the media starts
talking about how
well Summer's over now we're all going
back to school and uh the you know the
sports are changing and everything is
Chang and you can just feel in the tone
aha they're fixing the mall over there
they're getting them ready for another
winter and I
just Channel surf we don't need to be
hyped about how well it's another winter
coming so I think a lot of people are
depressed in the winter time and proac
and of course it's targeting serotonin
reuptake and serotonin this is not air
serotonin has a complex light mediated
chemistry in the panal this is all about
light strangely enough this serotonin
deep pineal hydroxytryptamine chemistry
melanin which gives you your suntan is a
a further breakdown product of melatonin
which is a conversion from serotonin to
Mel salonin that goes on in the panal
mediated by a harine like enzyme called
a Deno glumer tropane by the
physiologist but called by the chemists
six methoxy tetrahydro haralan and there
is actually a part of the optic pathway
that breaks off and Carries physical
light into the center of your brain in
order to drive this pineal chemistry
that's why light and de ression are so
dramatically linked I mean there's
actually a lot light actually gets into
your pineal gland and there uh mediat
certain chemical processes well the
morning has fled as they always do I
enjoy your afternoon we'll be back here
