and about 3 minutes after that it
becomes dramatically Visionary and quite
bizarre I mean on a par with DMT these
stretching sucking liquid good things
and very bright the hallucinations and
interesting to me I've never had this
with any other compound uh I was sitting
in darkness in a house with a big
paramal Skylight and the Moonlight
shining in the perfect circumstance for
hallucinating with eyes open sharp edges
against Darkness eyes open there was
absolutely nothing going on I would
close my eyes and it was as dramatic as
turning on a light it was that quick
there was no transition it was just I
would close my eyes and here would be
these slowly undulating
three-dimensional tunnels and
recessional surfaces and stuff so I find
it quite fascinating and then to the
chemist it's extremely fascinating
because it's in a class of compounds
unknown to contain psychoactive
compounds well now they're going back
into it and with
um liquid CO2 chromatography very cold
solvent chromatography which is very uh
precise and
non-destructive uh they're finding a
whole family of these salvinorin
compounds and what this will lead to in
terms of psychedelics treatments for
mental illness who knows you know it's
amazing that 30 years 40 years into the
Psychedelic Revolution we would discover
not a new compound Sasha does that three
times a week but a new family a new
chemical family with psychoactivity that
that is that's a new continent in the
world of neuros psycho
pharmacology and then the other thing
that people are doing that is very
shamanic and challenging and good thing
to do is you probably all know about IAS
this South American combinatory thing
where a monoamine oxidase inhibitor
banisteriopsis copy is combined with a
source of tryptamine DMT usually cotrio
veridus and because of the Mao
inhibition in the gut the tryptamine
which would normally be destroyed
at that point it passes through into the
bloodstream and then passes the bloodb
brain barrier so you can make DMT orally
active if you complex it with an MAO
inhibitor well whole bunch of people
have realized that in every in most
environments in the world there are
tryptamine
sources and so if you could combine them
with an MAO inhibitor you could create
create local variants on Amazonian iasa
and they call this
phaa uh or anaa meaning analog
iasa and uh what people are doing and is
they're using pagam harala as the MAO
inhibitor the seeds of pagam harala
these are little black seeds and you can
get them from seed companies or you can
get them at Iranian markets and they
call it hermal hermal and it's sold in
Iranian markets to be thrown on hot
charcoal to fumigate rooms I mean this
is just a traditional use of it it kills
fleas it's a very nice smelling thing
and a kind of an incense well if you
take two grams of these little black
seeds and grind them down they that will
inhibit your Mao very effective
and now any DMT containing plant that
you orally ingest will become active and
it turns out that DMT is very very
common in nature it's the commonest of
all hallucinogens in nature it occurs in
numerous grasses in uh leguminous trees
it occurs in the Ruby AC it occurs in
the Mir Mr Casey on and on huge families
implicating this it even occurs in
certain species of fish it occurs in
human metabolism this is interesting a
schedule one drug that you are carrying
around in your body every man woman and
child on this plan kind of the ultimate
Catch 22 everybody is breaking the law
you must have realized that anyway uh so
uh these things can be complex together
now some of the DMT sources that you
might want to be aware of are feris
grasses these are prairie grasses and
