people are just going to want the
conference on cat grooming and and so
forth and so on uh there's there's
nothing we can do about that I mean this
is not a new problem let me recall to
you that hundreds of millions of people
in the world lead laral low awareness
lives not I'm not talking about the poor
unwashed uh uh I'm talking about people
who watch TV six and seven hours a day
that's a drug and those people have
chosen wasn't to check out of the
historical adventure and just live in
this myma of pop culture and we can
decry the loss to them of of awareness
and so forth and so on but on the other
hand it's it makes it easier for the
rest of us I think I mean I don't want
all those people running around on the
freeway and standing in front of me at
the grocery store and you know better
they should be home watching uh you
know whatever it is these people watch
uh and people will make these kinds of
choices and you know it will become more
and more extreme I mean if you want
24hour a day teledildonic pornography
who's to say you shouldn't have this but
what it how it will affect your
performance as a citizen I don't know I
mean it's just like mainlining heroin or
something else people have to make
choices but the fact that they will
sometimes make bad choices is no
argument ever for limiting their choices
you know you have to come to political
bedrock with this are you a control
freak or do you believe in the Dignity
of human nature if you trust human
nature then your politics should be one
of always removing control because
control suppresses human nature if on
the other hand you're freaked out about
human nature and you think think that if
we don't have laws everybody will turn
to cannibalism sodomy and cocaine then
of course you want everybody has to be
leaned on and so forth and so on but if
you don't have faith in human nature
that's a pretty existential situation to
be in because where do you put your
faith
then it's possible that we fall into
I'll use your number 5% a situation
where 95% are looking for nity and 5%
will produce it and that's the 5% who
enjoy making offy will make just what
they want and find a narrow category of
people who will find it Well that's sort
of people say what should be done or
what should we do besides take
psychedelics and I say you cannot escape
the media you cannot escape the internet
you cannot Escape our dilemma you have
two
choices you can consume or you can
produce that's it and the people who
consume are lost souls and we all
consume and in those moments when we
consume we are lost souls we we need to
produce and what we produce is art art
is the greatest era of Art in the
history of the human race is Dawning
right now if we produce images and text
from the heart we will uh we will
compete with these very large network
channels called capitalism communism so
forth and so on in a sense one way to
think about the internet is it's a 40
million Channel TV hookup 40 million
channels 5.5 now well but however many
websites there are right now is what I'm
thinking of uh and uh and so no one need
feel isolated and isolation has
traditionally been a political tool for
disempowering people if you can make
people feel isolated you can make them
shut up so uh you know if someone let's
say is a communist and lives in some
Tiny Town in North Dakota in the past
their tendency I think would be to keep
their mouth shut but since they're
getting 400 email messages a day from
fellow Communists and being informed of
conferences going on constantly and huge
FTP sites and all kinds of things then
they just say that's my community and
I'm willing to talk about it they are no
longer isolated and this has empowered
all kinds of Fringe points of view some
