manufacturer the assembly line is
essentially where you build things the
way you print things you assemble the
parts you assemble the small parts and
create completed objects so this notion
that stresses
uniformity
interchangeability and co-equal of
subunits creates the entire political
and social Ambiance of the post
Renaissance mind now something entirely
different is happening uh the New Media
is
nonlinear it it uh doesn't require uh
lock step um acquiescence in a model of
behavior that's why Fringe Elements
which were kept very much at The Fringe
through the reign of print have in the
20th centur broken out and managed to
set the agenda of much of society so
things things like
surrealism
Jazz uh ethnic
Consciousness uh homosexuality different
styles of
descent have in the 20th century all
gained a great deal more prominence as
the print culture gave way to the
electronic culture and in the future I
think these enormous structures which
we're asked to participate in are just
going to fade away like National
governments I think basically we're
going to live in a world which has only
two levels the local level basically
your
Watershed and the planetary level and
the systems of control that lie between
those two levels will be very thick in
and and uh and
invisible uh a tremendous leveling of
information takes place the print game
is a game of privilege information
confers power and if you have it you
hold it the electronic game uh is a game
where all information is equally
accessible and sharable and it creates a
different and more eality Arian
information
field
uh and capitalism contributes to this to
some degree I am not entirely anti-
capitalistic I think it needs to be
tamed uh but but capitalism contributes
to this for ex what I mean by that is
think of how governments deal with
information they classify everything top
secret and then they hold
it and well what is the effect of that
it slows invention it slows novelty well
how does capitalism deal with new
information new technologies you get it
to Market as fast as you possibly can in
order to Ace the
competition in in the capitalist set of
rules if you have a proprietary
technology to keep it secret is insane
how will you make any money if you keep
it secret you must tell it so capitalism
itself has become a Force for novelty
this is what you know when people
started coming out of the Soviet Union
as it collapsed this is what blew their
minds completely about the West Was the
diversity and
abundance I remember some Russians uh
came to me uh once I don't know 5 years
ago or so when the Soviet Union was
collapsing and and we I was driving them
around showing them the scene and and I
pointed to an A and P and I
said you can get any food you want in
there and the guy said oh come on and I
said name a food you can get it in there
he
said
tangerines like it was a knockout punch
said no problem they got tangerines
stacked waste deep and anything else you
can imagine so capitalism produces this
enormous abundance uh but without very
much ethical concern for the process by
which it's done or the consequences for
the users and the
environment in the business World
especially in the software world I see
large companies in the business of
purchasing novelty then producing
novelty that has less and less companies
of R&D institutions within them they let
