experience Progressive not veryy it's
almost it's always the same the emphasis
is on imitating the language and so you
don't sense that there's a breakthrough
Point beyond that I mean as as you
mentioned passing through the membrane
getting into this environment now you're
in this environment The Exchange is
taking place you're dealing with it on a
rudimentary basis but you don't have any
perception that there's an increase well
the problem is the brevity we very
quickly figured this out back in the 60s
you only get 3 minutes it's like you
know visiting the American Museum of
Natural History for 3 minutes so what we
really need was an
extender and that was why we went to the
Amazon in the first place was because
iasa from the anthropological literature
sounded like it was the extender and in
fact if you brew it stiff
enough it is and you can get in there
for uh quite a while but it doesn't
become particularly more rationally
apprehendable
um I I I it
it's it's a great mystery it's a puzzle
it shouldn't
exist it's the thing which you don't
believe
exists it it
does this crazy
idea you're talking about elves I'm
thinking about
s and flying in the sled and having a
Rednosed Ranger and seeing in the dark
and when eating mushrooms and so I'm
about these that are giving presents you
want me to extend your list for you
Santa Claus's colors are red and white
Santa Claus is associated with the
spruce tree the spruce tree is the micro
risal symbiot of the amonita the amonita
is associated with magical flight Santa
Claus flies the amonita is associated
with reindeer he flies with the aid of
reindeer uh he he he makes gifts for all
the boys and girls in the world with the
help of elves elves in all Traditions
are are what are called uh demon
artificers they make things that's what
elves do whether it's shoes or gold
jewelry or they make things elves are
artificers now what else before I leave
this theme a Santa Claus lives at the
North Pole the North Pole is the oxis
Mundi the igil the Magic World Ash of
North Norse Shamanism grows at the North
Pole you pile all this stuff up and you
say this has got to be an ancient memory
of a need a cult although I've looked at
Santa Claus and I have never found a
source that would trace it back further
than the 10th Century but I maintain you
know it's
Paleolithic probably uh yeah it's the
probability of finding a new trp toine
that we weren't aware of that extends
the trip so to speak get 30 minutes of
time language down they also might be
sort of well Sasha you know is now
working on the tripto meines and I asked
him in Mexico I said you know of all of
these tryptamines you've elaborated
which ones are the most
interesting I can't remember the one he
named but it was a synthetic and he said
it was
extended uh there's a

certain I don't know if fear is the word
but these places are really strange and
for most people 3 minutes is quite
enough and and then they need
to uh attempt to assimilate it part of
the problem is you can't remember it I
mean I've seen people smoke DMT give all
the presentation of intoxication come
down lie still and when you say what
happened they say nothing happened
nothing at all happened and
furthermore I think I won't be seeing
too much of you in the future
uh in fact I'm sure of
it
so yes I'm not advocating poverty I'm
advocating something more like
Simplicity uh I like well let me
describe my lifestyle to you so which
