sort of then is a statement about what
I'm trying to do uh I I live in Hawai up
a terrible road with no telephone in but
I have a wireless modem out and I have
an excellent Mac and I don't make any I
don't believe in the distinction between
nature and Technology I am happiest when
I am totally immersed in nature with the
best technology
available and uh most things I care
about are IM material I mean I have
books but they it's the information in
them that is represented the electricity
is generated from
solar uh some of the food is grown on
site more will be but it's not like a
back to the land movement or anything
like that it's very casual it seems the
natural way to live uh one thing that
the internet holds out for many many
people is the end of the entire cycle
based on the concept of office culture
and
commuting uh most people who work in
offices don't need to go to the office
now and the momentum continues to have
commuting and so forth but when these
corporations realize how much money they
could save by telling people to stay
home uh office culture is just going to
dissolve overnight well then uh
something like 65% of all automobile tra
travel is in the pursuit of moving to
and from the job uh that could all be
eliminated uh I think the the internet
is the physical analog to the
psychedelics until the internet arose it
was very hard for me to see um how we
were going to get from here to the Omega
point now I have no problem it's all in
place I mean the internet has to grow
faster it has to the bandwidth has to be
expanded the codes have to be simplified
the protocols have to be simplified and
everybody has to be brought online when
that happens I think
uh there will be a kind of natural
reorganization of society because what
we're living in and this is a mlist WP
what we're living in is a linear print
created world it was created by print
heads they couldn't help themselves they
thought they were normal human beings
but they were very very dramatically
distorted by their relationship to
typography and they created this kind of
world well now we're moving into the era
of electronic culture and all kinds of
phenomenon associated with the old way
of doing things are going to dis appear
for example uh a quality of print
culture was the phenomenon called mass
media mass media is finished it doesn't
make any sense anymore uh uh mass media
is one to many
communication and what the internet
offers is any to any
communication you know we all have
contempt or I assume we do or mild
contempt for the Tabloid newspapers that
we see when we check through the grocery
store Elf or or dwarf rapes nonone fleas
in UFO uh that kind of thing well but
now let's think about the New York Times
for a moment the New York Times is
designed for what to be read by millions
of
people who would want to read something
designed to be read by millions of
people
the very nature of the goal indicates
that there will be very little there for
you uh only to the degree that you share
some interests with all these other
millions of people and many of these
interests are artificially created by
the media so uh other Notions that were
put in place by print print I think did
I mention this last night about the
interchangeability of type how I didn't
okay type as you know is
interchangeable manuscript is not that
simple notion of the interchangeability
of the subunits of a
technology permit two incredible things
in our world uh the idea of the
citizen the citizen and uh the idea of
the unique
individual and also
modern industrial techniques of
