the Innovation happen if these little
tiny companies and they go back over
time companies that's because they don't
want those long-haired dope smoking
weirdos actually inside their corporate
structure you can hire them as
consultants cuz then you can can them at
will but for God's sake don't get them
on the medical
plan yeah there article in magazine had
fellow from IBM he suit on and
everything and somebody accuse IBM of
being weak in the multimedia Market
where multimedia represents new and no
he says oh we have some guys with
earrings yes well one of the amusing
things about the computer Revolution and
capitalism and all that is that
technology has evolved so
quickly that the people running
capitalism from the top no longer
understand the tools that are necessary
for it they have to pay guys with
ponytails and and piercings to turn on
the machines every morning and that must
be very terrifying to them that well but
it was always the case they didn't dig
the oil wells
either but the guys who dug the oil
wells I don't think carried an entirely
different analysis of
society I mean they were there were
class differences but these long-haired
people are essentially you're trading
with the Enemy if you're a corporation
who uses these people and every
corporation must use them because
they're the smart people uh uh they will
use
uh and all I'm saying is is that Capital
will move wherever it can exploit
information and if now the information
resides there that's where they'll go to
exploit that information for the
continuing process of the economic
machine so even though we may be looking
at at something novel ultimately when
that source is exhausted they'll move on
to whatever else they have to move on to
to maintain themselves well no
technology in history has ever been put
in place with any clear understanding of
what its implications would be true uh
that's we find out
later and uh I think the
internet uh probably will turn out to be
very toxic for capitalism uh when
objects can be made of light when a
Ferrari costs as much as a Buick uh
because they're both made out of the
same material uh all of this class
structure based on fetishization of
objects is going to disappear it's
interesting that both Pell and AT&T
announced that they' be getting the
internet game you know a little late but
not too late but they've been late on
delivery because they can't get the
staff to build what they want to build
because they can't find any mason
workers to put their highways together
and it's costing them billions and F 18
if have back down well AT&T is going to
set up a system of satellites that are
going to give ISDN speed to every man
woman and child on this planet by
pointing straight up at the sky avoiding
all these mafias of these local Fone
companies the the Curious Thing I think
in terms of the social implication of
the electronic age is the possibility of
almost a pure form of democracy
independent of bureaucratic structure in
other words that there's the possibility
that people can arrive at cons ensus
unmanaged this is what's called
electronic tribalism that we can remove
all these interpretive filters and
structures and methods the
representative the parliament the
election all of that can be done away
with and that we can actually and they
hate that it was very interesting in the
last presidential campaign I don't know
if you picked up on it but only perau
spoke for this you know he has this idea
of the electronic Town meetings well of
course perau represents a a uh not
mainstream point of view from the point
of view of the Republicans and the
