Democrats they both just piled onto that
they hate that uh the idea of real
democracy is as threatening to the
politicians of this country as it is to
the Chinese leadership uh I mean they do
not want the will of the people uh to be
expressed but I I think as we cohere
into a single organism there will be
less and less need for these 18th
century institutions that we have put in
place and maintain uh with the power of
the gun yeah I see a couple of possible
paths that the the effect that the New
Media is going to have on people could
go one would follow the model of what
happened to uh Europe when the church
stopped becoming the sole interpreter of
uh of the Bible and the Bible became
something that was printed that anybody
could read and interpret and many people
did and started different
interpretations and that sort of caus an
explosion of different ideas and you
know different ways of looking at to
world the other would
be this is a little more difficult to
express but there's a terrific Buddhist
magazine called tricycle magazine and
one of the things that's really terrific
about it is it's non- sectarian that it
has a whole lot of viewpoints it talks
about all sorts of different uh
different flavors of Buddhism with equal
respect because there aren't really
Buddhists in America to have really cool
magazines for all these different
sects now if that were to change
tomorrow and there was a different
magazine for every sect then each
magazine would have a single Viewpoint
the other viewpoints would be portrayed
maybe but as seen as kind of heresies
and talked down about and I can see that
sort of thing happening on the web where
or with a web like media where people
start pursuing ideas that they're
interested in and they care about they
may end up digging themselves a niche of
their own preconceptions and their own
you know the prejudices that they
already have about information and going
to information sources that support that
prop up things which may or may not be
valid the other option is that they
could be exposed to so many different
types of information from from the
original sources not filtered through a
mass media that they'll actually become
more informed about more different
points of view I can't tell right now
which way it's going to go or maybe it's
going to go in both directions for Theus
you can't keep ignorant ignorant because
there's too much access to the other
knowledge only if you only if you want
it though it's not like now today if you
turn on CNN you get not only the
information you're interested you get
information that CNN thinks a large
audience of people's going to be
interested in so you're inevitably going
to be confronted with things that uh
mess with your your
prejudices uh now the downside of this
is that what's happening in CNN is
mapping the societal Prejudice of its
market share onto all of its audience
and because there are so few media
sources there are a few selected
branches of prejudice that you're
allowed to tap into but whether the
future is going to break that up or just
mean that there are going to be tighter
groups and smaller groups of
predispositions that are reinforced
after that as Choice those that wish to
insulate themselves in only the
information they want want toy that
supports their n worldview will insulate
themselves excellently and those which
wish to just throw themselves into the
unknown constantly will have already
available source of unknown yeah I think
we're already seeing this I mean the V
chip is that what it's called this thing
that lets you control what your kids can
access on the internet all this concern
about pornography and so forth and so on
uh clearly some people are going to take
the internet raw and love it and other
