recognize it's a feeling and I call it
elf country and there are no
elves but there's a
feeling and then I call
them you know
and following the directions of a
favorite episode of I Love Lucy I called
them by saying come in Little Green Men
come in little green men it's simply a
permitting it's simply an invocation and
then they approach like a nari band from
a distance you can hear the brass and
the drum and as they get closer and and
it's begins as a sound it's very
interesting it begins as a sound and as
it gets louder there comes a point where
imperceptibly it becomes visible and
then all I can say is it gets bigger
just like someone marching toward you
through three-dimensional space and so
it goes from being a little phenomenon
on the horizon of your awareness to
you're there you're with them you're
playing the tuba you're marching along
it's happening and then they sort of
peel off and March away and leave you in
the same way they
came the archetype of this phenomenon as
far as I can tell is the archetype of
the circus DMT is somehow the cosmic
circus and if you analyze what the
circus is it's a
closed environment of permitted
outrageousness
that roves the straight
landscape uh setting up in one town and
then another and then another and it's a
it's a thing of Wonder and light and
Carney people are loose they're not like
you and me I remember in the little town
I grew up in every 4th of July the
carnival would come to town for Cherry
day and we kids were told we couldn't
stay out after 9:00 when the carnival
was in town because there was just this
Aura more liquor was being consumed more
people were staying up late so forth and
so on and if you analyze the circus it
has all the elements of the DMT thing I
mean there's the center ring the clowns
and Henry mun in a wonderful essay on
psilocybon mushrooms called the
mushrooms of language describes them as
self perform self uh performing
acrobatic bits of grammar is how he
describes them this is clearly the same
thing uh the circus is a wonderful place
for
children but it has behind that a dark
side I think my own my own earliest
reminiscence of what I could call erotic
awareness I must have been very very
young under three because I was being
held by people and I was taken to a
circus and there was a woman there in a
tiny g string costume spinning hanging
by her teeth up near the Cent and it was
all there death and Eros and risk and
drama and you know I I got it so there's
all that in the circus but then there's
also the Wiggy side you know uh the
bearded lady the the goat faac boy the
thing in the bottle that's all just off
the main event and uh and then the
circus packs up and leaves and
everything is the same except there's
some crumpled paper blowing around in
the wind and every little boy and girl
worth their salt wants to run off and
join the circus so this is the archetype
of of DMT a
completely uh
self-contained
transformative uh World filled with all
kinds of implications of a
trick it's incredibly Mercurial it's
incredibly trickster like yes it's as
though Hermes had divided into a
thousand sub altans all set going at
once well the blooming and buzzing
confusion which the infant experiences
is the same world we're looking at right
now except that the infant has no
language for it
now the interesting thing about the DMT
thing is you have no language for it
that's interesting point number one
interesting point number two somebody
arrives on the scene eager to provide
language that's suggestive so it seems
