like what they're saying is you know
we've stamped your passport you're over
the Border but no one here speaks
English so if you want to make yourself
understood please pick up the local
lingo Johnny Pronto and in fact we've
assigned a team teaching group uh the
feeling of the DMT thing and this is why
I entertain the possibility it might be
an anticipation of
death what happens when when you smoke
DMT is there's an initial kind of
handshaking confusion like when two
computers meet and exchange protocols uh
it there's a 30 second period where
every everything sort of gets sorted out
and this thing forms like a Mandela I
call it the
crysanthemum and it's a rotating orange
yellow floral circular mandalic thing if
you have not taken enough it is a kind
of like a kind of rubberized membrane or
something if you haven't taken enough
you'll hit it and bounce off and have
this really ambiguous experience which
is pretty horrible actually just kind of
confusion which slowly goes away but if
you've taken enough and the key to
taking enough and here comes a piece of
practical advice that may be worth more
than the entire Workshop the way to get
off on DMT is after you feel completely
peculiar you have to do one more
enormous hit this is where courage comes
in most people they take it and they say
it's it's working this stuff feels
really weird it's really working say do
one more hit and they say no no it's
working say no do one more hit so then
you do or we say you do you penetrate
that membrane and you go through a
series of like to me it's like a ramp
but it's like a series of
dioic compressions that push me forward
birth canal analogy obviously and then I
break into the elf Dome or the hive as I
call it and certain intuitions accompany
this without any rationale and one is
I'm
underground uh this place is warm it's
domed it's reasonably well lit but
there's enormous weight above my head
I'm far under the Earth
somehow fairies as we all know live
under Hills so so then I'm there
and The Elves and the elf machines and
the language lesson are proceeding but
if I can stabilize and calm my hysteria
so that I can maintain some kind of
objectivity I notice that really the
place I break into is somebody very odd
someone very strange it's their idea of
a reassuring environment for a human
being somebody who doesn't know very
much about human beings but who's really
trying hard built this terrarium of
arrival and it has the aura of a
Maternity Ward and I've thought you know
these self- transforming elf machines
which I take so seriously and try to
make the basis for a new ontology they
could be nothing more profound
than those plastic shapes that we hang
over a baby's bassinet to teach it to
coordinate space and color in other
words what those things are is they're
educational
toys they aren't the main clam they're
not in charge of the hospital they're
just something dumped in your arrival
playpen to keep you happy while the
doctors make the
observation and the doctor doors never
appear
uh and the whole thing is pervaded with
a wonderful affection and zaniness it's
completely life affirming I have no
patience with alien abduction and any of
that I think that's pathology I think
it's media damaged people manipulated by
incredibly unscrupulous New Age
weirdos uh there is no paranoia in this
it's entirely positive although very
very weird the main thing it is is hard
to understand what's this all for you
know maybe you thought you were going to
have an insight into your relationship
or resolve your hatred of your father
and instead you come you're playing
Canasta with elves yeah is the
