future the future is not magically
guarded from understanding any more than
any other part of nature is and in fact
statistics probability theory is a
valiant effort uh to come to terms with
the future I maintain horribly and
inevitably flawed by the Assumption of
linear time what do I mean by that well
here's how probability Theory Works say
you want to know uh let me think of
something uh the charge on a certain
uh uh well no how much electricity is
running through a wire you want to know
this well here's how you do it in
ordinary science these days uh you
measure uh the electricity 10,000 times
you add it together and you divide by
10,000
now it's conceivable that the value you
come up with will not match a single one
of your measurements your measurements
never agreed with this value uh so what
what we're doing you see is because we
assume time is uniform we don't feel any
intellectual sin in smearing those
values that way filter the no the law of
averages damps the the novelty in the
system you get a kind of averaging
probability Theory cannot be done
anymore with impunity if this is true
chucking the whole sort of fun of
physics to the last 50 years and I I
think you're you're making a you're
throwing the baby out with the backl you
mean to attack probability Theory no to
to ignore the excitement and the thrill
of totally Insanity that comes from
quantum mechanics and relativity well no
I'm not rejecting that I I the the Quant
is far larger than probability Theory uh
I think you know there's an interesting
Revolution going on in quantum physics
right
now it's it amuses me arguably I mean
the one concept that seems secure in
20th century physics and about which
there has been more Bali who and self-
conratulations than about any other
single concept is uh the much vaunted
uncertainty principle of Heisenberg
which is supposed to be a bridge to
understanding Consciousness uniting
science and art letting us see The
cating elusive Mercurial
Beauty it turns out it's a BS to put it
as kindly as possible a when the bore
Heisenberg Theory was
formulated uh there was another theory
of the Quant on the table but uh this
Theory uh had an assumption built into
it which was thought to be so
fantastic that uh it was never seriously
considered and instead this uncertainty
principle was taken on board uh the the
uh notion which was built in to the
rejected version of the Quant was called
non-locality and it held that somehow
all particles that had ever been in
interaction with each other in the past
Were Somehow mysteriously and
instantaneously linked to each other
throughout all space and time
instantaneously and since all particles
were once confined in a space less than
the diameter of the nucleus of a Joe
atom then presumably all particles in
the universe were connected together
through this non-locality if you
accepted this B theory of the Quant so
it was rejected out of hand uh this was
a theory formulated by David bone well
now it comes back to haunt them because
uh there is
non-locality it's been confirmed at
first it was only there were thought
experiments with
it yes and the so so here but now
experiments are being done where you
actually bring two electrons together
separate them in space flip the spin of
one and see the other one flip its spin
even though they're now separated in
time and space so uh I it the physics
community and let me say about the balm
Theory and the bore Heisenberg
formulation the mathematics is
identical the mathematics is identical
one does not give better results than
the other but they have these completely
antithetical Concepts built into them
