the search for a best fit between the
curve the describing curve and the
phenomena it SE to describe you
understand what I mean now the problem
is with this theory if it is a problem
is that when we compute our best fit of
the curve to the data we reach a fairly
unexpected conclusion which is that
novelty is going to reach infinity
within our own
lifetimes that the universal process
that has been going on for billions of
years across this epigenetic landscape
wandering deeper and deeper into Realms
of novelty faster and faster and deeper
and deeper is actually going to uh reach
uh become mathematically outside of our
description within our own lifetime
specifically uh uh in 2012
AD it's it's not pleasing this this
Prophecy of the end of the world within
one's own lifetime this is the typical
pattern of delusional messianism that is
so drearily familiar uh nevertheless we
have more than uh a a llian decoding of
scripture here we have a formal and
completely unambiguous algorithm and we
have a body of data so I just will now
demonstrate it to you
and uh you can reach your own
conclusions there are people who have
who may not even be aware of this Theory
who have reached the same
conclusion some by Me by Avenues I
respect and some by Avenues I don't
respect and without saying who's who
I'll list some of these uh uh approaches
uh there's a group of people I believe
they're called extan or
singularist they're Engineers they're
total rationalists they're Tech heads
and they say that the rate of energy
release information storage and
technological Advance is proceeding so
rapidly that sometime between 2010 and
2025 the whole system becomes
unrecognizable to
itself congruence with this prediction
uh the Maya civilization which perished
a millennia ago had a
5,600 plus year calendar uh that
culminates on the exact same day that
this Theory computes to a fact which I
didn't know when I made my choice for
the end date uh there are hidic Jews in
Israel who believe that they have reason
cabalistic law IC to support the
conclusion that the Messiah will appear
in Late July of
2012 uh and then someone mentioned last
night this viic it's called jotish
spelled j y a form of astrology right
Joe it's it's viic astrology 3,000 or
4,000 years old so uh you know whether
you do it by if whether you calculate
toward it mathematically or
intuitionally or whatever and whether
you exist now or in the case of the Maya
a millennia ago certain people by
certain techniques seem to have located
A peculiar moment in time and what
exactly this means uh we don't know but
this wave scales to it as well now what
I want to do here uh I th this is this
year and pointing at today and as you
see it will culminate here but what I
want to do now is put a lot of time on
the screen and show you uh how this
thing works so let me uh specify time
span
e okay well now here what we're looking
at here is um a very large span of time
six billion years and uh the the uh
entire career of life on Earth is 600
million years which is this down Suite s
so you see at that scale it it's like a
done deal it's almost a smooth curve on
a scale of 600 million years it's just
been an uninterrupted Rush toward the
Omega Point ever since we dropped gills
and crawled out onto the land as we
magnify and zoom into this it turns out
there was a lot of drama uh along the
way let me see if I can get my zoom
going here now each time we'll each time
it makes a new graph we'll see twice as
much detail and half as much time
there's 1.5 billion
years there's the last 750 million
years 375 million years that's all life
