arguable that that was the birth of
modern scien those kinds of resonances
can be used as a basis for prediction is
something I haven't had time to look at
there are many resonances to each point
it's not a simple system we can here we
can only discuss it in simple terms but
in the MS DOS version it will print a
page full of reference of resonances and
let me explain how I imagine time in
this
thing here's first of all how the
newtonians Imagine time if you ask a
Newtonian what is the most important
moment pre uh impinging on this one in
other words what moment is most
important in shaping this moment he will
tell you or she will tell you it's the
moment immediately before this is this
amazing faith in the in the momentum of
cause and effect uh this takes a
completely different View and says any
given moment in time is a kind of
interference pattern caused by the
existence of other moments in time and
that time is in fact an extremely
complex data heavy kind of holographic
matrix and if you if you can decondition
yourself from your large scale position
in things you can actually feel or sense
the the Contin continum I mean I got it
down to an aphorism Rome Falls nine
times an hour and if you're paying
attention you'll feel it Go by every
time and if you are cleaning your
apartment or walking in the woods if you
notice you think things that there is no
rationale for and in as hem lines rise
and fall on a slightly different scale
and as art movements come go on a
slightly different scale what is all
this well it's other times other
resonances it was very interesting I
um at the website a couple of months ago
I said that I looked at the wave and I
said the end of the year would have a
medieval flavor because we were crossing
through the late early 8 late 8th
Century or something and then I noticed
you know the the the Liberals have this
thing every Christmas time this in
Hilton Head North Carolina called the
Renaissance Gathering and Clinton always
goes so all the right- Wingers got
together at this thing called the Dark
Ages as a satire on the Renaissance and
I'm and their Dark Age Gathering
occurred right in the darkest of the
Dark Ages in the resonance a lot of this
is for the ruction of humor I hope you
realize if you're fans of James Joyce
and understand how ulyses is constructed
you know what's going on in ulses is a
man is trying to buy some kidneys to
take back to his apartment to fry for
breakfast but somehow in visiting the
Butcher and the local bar and running
into an old friend uh the entire homeric
War is fought out in these few blocks of
Dublin and also the entire fall and
Redemption of mankind and this is called
allegory and it's nested reference uh
and fractal Association and it's a very
powerful way to make art and I think
it's a very powerful way to make art
because it's how Nature Made the world
the world is an is an allegory and it's
based on uh
analogies I mean I I look sometimes at
people and I see other people you know I
see faces from the past sometimes my
past sometimes uh uh a further back time
is an interference pattern
yeah I I the one thing I'm a little
confused about is is how you draw the
pattern to a given scale like does it
make sense to say you could put in
Terence McKenna's birthday and see his
Tim people always ask this question yeah
although I'm not entirely comfortable
with it let me trace the history of this
kind of thinking for you uh astrology
has certain obviously has certain
analogues to this because it's about uh
predicting the fates of dynasties and so
forth from the movement of the stars and
it's mathat it's a it's a peculiar
combination of mathematical exactitude
and
occult fancy um
