I said the iching is 64 hexagrams
numbered 1 through 64 and usually
present in a traditional sequence called
the king when sequence which is old
nobody knows where it came from King W
is a legendary figure he supposedly got
into some political trouble uh around
1350 BC and they put him in the can for
a while and while he was there he
figured this out he thought it up he
built this operating system system uh
and the interesting thing about the king
Wen sequence is that it is not in a
logical sequence uh on the face of it uh
when liit the European philosopher got
his hands on the iching his Jesuit
friends shipped him a copy in the in the
17th century he immediately organized it
as a binary number system uh and
rearranged the hexagram and showed that
it was a binary number system and and
lienet a sequence any hacker knows
instantly how to do it from the first
hexagram on King W's sequence is uh not
at all obviously under any set of rules
and the logos in its promptings to me it
was interesting it was like a Coan you
know uh a a problem which a master sets
a student which must be solved before we
can move on to deeper water and the Coan
was you
know what are the ordering principles of
the king win sequence can you prove in
fact that it is the product of uh intent
or is it in fact simply a jumble that
has become traditional over thousands of
years and there is no set of rules for
generating the king wi sequence pretty
close focused stuff if you notice we're
not talking here about planetary
transformation or uh a human fusion with
the biosphere it's very academic close
Focus analytical
stuff so I looked at the king W
sequence and I was intuitively led is
probably the way to put it to look at
what's called the first order of
difference
the first order of difference is a very
simple concept it simply means how many
lines change as you go from one hexagram
to the
next simple right okay so as you go from
hexagram 1 to
two there's a certain change value six
or whatever it is and then three to four
four to five so forth and so on and so I
I found out what these data points
were and then I drew a
graph of these values down to
64 and uh I'm just it's just a symbol of
it obviously and so I looked at this
thing for a long time and it didn't seem
to have any it looked stochastic random
it didn't seem to have any particular
order to it but then I noticed a very
interesting thing which is that this
section is a mirror image of this
section such that imagine making a copy
of this and putting it right here and
then rotating it 18 180Â° in the plane
meaning turn it upside down to the
non-technical folks uh turn it upside
down well then you can it will slide
into itself a perfect fit here and here
so then you get something which looks
like
this in other words it has closure at
the beginning and closure at the end but
no closure in between interesting thing
about these data points is that if you
think about the possible data points
they are obviously 1 2 3 4 5 or six the
number of lines that can change as you
go from one hexagram to another in fact
there are no fives
uh if you look at the king WN sequence
the one of the first things you notice
is that it is not simply 64 hexagrams it
is really 32 pairs of hexagrams
because each pair the the first the
pairs are formed by turning the first
term upside down now there are eight
cases where turning a hexagram upside
down has no effect on it and in all
eight cases it is followed by a hexagram
uh which is exactly its opposite and so
the rule obviously is if turning a
hexagram upside down causes no change
all lines
