mathematical object and it's quite
trivial I I won't bore you with it it's
so trivial it basically has to do with
uh deconstructing the the the wave
assigning numerical values to all of its
parts rebuilding it and then adding them
up and then lo and behold all these
intuitions you had about how when it is
parallel and close together values
should drop and all that are conserved
and we get the time
wave and the time wave and and the
computer is simply doing a whole lot of
housekeeping work with it and not making
any arithmetical errors and scaling it
to time
now uh the the objection that could be
made to this or easily could be made to
it and that I kind I at one time felt
the force of this objection uh I've
talked myself out of it now but it's how
I would have attacked it myself at a
certain point and it was it went
something like this uh now let's see you
are um advocating a revision in physics
based on a Chinese
Oracle uh that you have uh deciphered a
secret message from is is that it and
and how long have you had
this particular
delusion so I've built a metaphor which
I hope makes it a little clear clearer
why I believe uh it is reasonable to use
a Chinese Oracle as a stepping stone to
a revision of uh of
physics um and in order to explain this
I have to have resort to a fairly
elaborate metaphor so here it
is think of
uh sand dunes just picture them in your
mind for a moment now uh notice that
this picture in your mind of these Dunes
that the dunes look like wind they look
like
wind now sand dunes are made by
wind what's going on here the wind is a
a
pressure very A A variation in pressure
gradients over time which moves the sand
around and when the wind stops blowing
what is left is essentially a lower
dimensional signature of this higher
dimensional
phenomenona
now for grains of
sand substitute
genes for
wind substitute millions of years of
evolutionary
time time flows and the genes move
around and they assume certain
configurations I maintain that those
configurations are lower dimensional
slices of the higher dimensional
architecture of time itself in other
words we bear the thumb print of the
medium in which we arose we bear it in
every cell of our bodies every atom
Bears it every molecule Bears it uh the
and and this if this can be known
this pattern of time that is impressed
in all organism and perhaps all matter
uh then time an understanding of time
unfolds as a fractal and infinitely self
similar uh structure that is repeating
different patterns on many many scales
in order to create the phenomenology of
the universe as we experience
it
so uh that's basically the theory and
then uh the theory I don't think would
amount to much if it weren't for the
fact that with the computer we can now
take the theory and ask the question
okay given all this arm waving and
theorizing does the unfolding wave
actually mirror and hence predict
the unfolding of the historical
Continuum I maintain that at this stage
it's arguable that it
does uh now there's a there's a but
there's a curious and unsettling aspect
to all of this if you have a theory of
wave mechanics of any
system uh waves have wav length
therefore the wave must be generated
from some point and uh if what we're
talking about is a a a graphic
congruence between Theory and nature
then Theory must be fitted to Nature in
