uh you know getting hold of the planet
there's the last 100 million years here
let me stop that
one okay that's the last 93 million
years and uh there there is a u a
u event that has to be predicted
correctly uh for the theory to work at
65 million years there was an asteroid
impact that it caused the extinction of
the
dinosaurs and uh
uh there it is it's an it's a it's an
exact science folks but I'm not uh okay
here is this Extinction event where're
this is uh you've got 113 million years
on the screen ending at the zero point
in 2012 and this massive Extinction
event 65 million years clearly shows as
the most dramatic event on the screen
yeah um so what is the opposite of the
descent into novel and as you see the
increasing point of the scale reaching
maximum at a slightly earlier time
period what's the converse equilibrium
yes and then homeostasis homeostasis
yeah I mean homeostasis is the perfect
example because homeostasis is
repetition closed energy cycle absence
of chaos absence of chaos predictability
in other words and then it inevitably
reaches a a place where there's a
symmetry break and then a Cascade then
disintegration
uhhuh um okay so now let's start our
Zoom forward again um well what you do
is um there's 46 million years let's get
down here to
something palpable palpable 11 million
years what you use primate territory
what did you use to hit the asteroid dat
uh just published material in nature
there's the last two million years like
that uh the question was how do you know
when to start you mean where how did how
did I choose the end date or the
beginning date of the whole well the
beginning date I'm a little fuzzy on I
simply propagated it back until I had
more time than astrophysics requires for
the life of the universe and that was
all I needed I'm not I'm not entirely
committed to the Big Bang there's plenty
of odd assumptions in all of that stuff
uh what I did was I I thought about I I
try at first I tried to scale it to the
stuff I knew so i' been sort of
interested in history so I said okay if
if you have a theory of novelty of
History where are the novel points in
history without getting too technical
well I think anybody who studied history
25 minutes would nominate uh the Greek
Golden Age the Italian Renaissance and
the 20th century or at least they would
tolerate those
candidates uh so I said well I then
let's see if we can find a place where
three big
troughs do that and then let's look at
the crucifixtion or something else in
other words to see if it also appears to
be correctly described well eventually
you get a fit where you can go from The
Big Bang down to Nixon's resignation and
always have this very satisfying feeling
that it's giving it the correct scoring
at the correct level of novelty and the
correct ratio and proportion to the
events in which it is embedded and uh
when I got it right the a the last 67e
cycle Begins the day the atam bomb was
dropped on hirosima
and uh it's a resonance you see with the
big bang and then
um everything else seemed to fall into
place at that point now It's Tricky it's
it's it is tricky because it's a
fractal and so there are possibilities
of of error but um and that's why
periods of time like what we're living
through are so interesting because you
see I've made the small scale prediction
that this period we're living in will be
novel based on large scale correlations
now if the prediction comes true that
like clenches it it shows then that the
choice was correct and we gain
confidence and I maintain there's in
principle no reason why this much
information shouldn't be known about the
