the Wonder of that was that they built
it uh so that it could not be
destroyed not realizing that what that
meant was that they could not destroy it
you know it has no central control there
is no board you bomb no plug you pull so
they built this indestructible thing and
now it's loose and growing and
Unstoppable and uh possibly leads to uh
the form the reformulation of of the
nature of humanity which would be then
an interesting process thermal nuclear
war leads to an enormous paranoid
response which leads to the internet
which leads to
Liberation I've always felt that Atomic
weapons were an
enormous IQ booster for the human race
and when you think about the fact that a
tri a global tribe of carnivorous
monkeys have possessed thermonuclear
Delivery Systems for 50 years and only
twice were they ever used I think it
must have sobered us us immeasurably
because there were many issues in those
years where had there not been thermal
nuclear bombs there would have been
war and and so it it became a kind of
inoculation against War because it was
so horrible and it forced the human race
I wouldn't go so far as to say grow up
but it propelled us at least into
adolescent awareness of our uh of our
dilemma well it's dinner time uh tonight
we'll do the time wave I doubt we'll
revisit this particular area so if you
hated this it's over thank you we're
going to take a sort of
conceptual and subject uh categorical
leap here I assume you all have some
familiarity with the iching is that a
reasonable assumption the iching is a
Chinese divinatory system of great
Antiquity it involves 6 four idiograms
called hexagrams that are composed of
broken and unbroken lines uh they are
arranged in a traditional sequence
called the king wi sequence the
Divination is carried out through a coin
toss operation or a uh sortage involving
Euros
stocks I assume I'm not making headlines
with this news for anybody okay good so
uh theing usually translat ated as the
book of changes is in fact a a
scientific text in my opinion a study of
great sophistication of the very subject
we're talking about this evening the
nature of time the nature of change and
in the same way that Western science by
fixating through certain Greek
predilections on matter was able to
unravel a nuclear chemistry and bi and
molecular biology and so forth these
ancient people in China
prean early
Joe uh which we're talking 1500 BC uh
they weren't interested in matter they
were interested in
time and they brought to this interest
in time at least as much energy and
sophistication as the research teams at
CERN and Switzerland bring to probing
the heart of the nucleus of the atom and
they learned things you know you spend a
millennium or two on a given problem uh
posing that problem under all
circumstances and from many
philosophical points of view and
pharmacological platforms eventually you
begin to get answers and I believe that
the iching is a kind of smashed up piece
of machine enery that in its present
form is is uh uh but a shadow of what it
represented in the past in terms of
sophistication and understanding for
several thousand years it has been
commented on and passed down and
preserved by people who were not fully
in touch with precisely what it was uh
you know under the under the gu guidance
of the logos with the help of siloc
cybin and so forth and so on I think
I've made some progress with
reconstructing what this ancient piece
of Machinery might have looked like and
what kind of information they might have
been getting out of it so now bear with
me for a
minute if you haven't been already uh as
