and I doubt that the Heisenberg thing
will survive it was actually uh a
mistake oh and and that what I want to
say then about the balm formulation is
with bal's mathematics velocity and
location can be known
simultaneously to any limit of
exactitude there is no uncertainty in
the bower I mean in the in the B
formulation um I don't know how I got
off on this uh my my proposal to you is
that those guys are having the same any
kind
of and and are not
in events that you I think you would be
you feel very warm and close to them
because oh I world that that is
analogous to the one
you're yeah I I would assume that if I'm
right and if they're right we'll have to
meet somewhere out there uh there's this
guy lent at Stanford who has a very
interesting cosmology which he calls a
fractal
foam cosmology and I don't understand
his mathematics but he talks about how
in his cosmology in the first few
moments of the universe these things
were generated called what which he
calls scalar
waves and they're waves but they're they
don't
move they're as he puts it frozen in
SpaceTime but the reason you know know
they're there is because they affect the
clustering and the EB and flow of
probability that's it that's it I mean
it's absolutely it so what lens's scaler
waves have to do with the time wave uh I
don't know but it's very very
interesting that these kinds of theories
uh now are coming forward uh uh I think
it's because we are feeling an
inadequacy in our science because the
fine structure of complex
systems won't come into Focus using
statistical analysis you get a blurred
picture of what's going on and no matter
how you deal with the data it remains
blurred because you're this temporal
variable is in there that you're not
aware of and and it's creating this
inadequacy in your model um
you wanted to say something and two
questions first how do you introduce
data into the system in other words
given the eing as the construct right
and and a formula derived from that
which is the Assumption I'm making here
what do you enter to create the
gr ah you enter the
valuations of the there are
384 points in this thing because it's 6
*
64 so uh and at each one of these
positions you generate a a
data a
number and then that is
fractalized and and put through this and
this is all explained exhaustively in
The Invisible landscape and in that the
manual for this thing is now 75 pages
long and they're and the second question
is
taking a a a 500e model or a 250e model
or whatever we would choose in in
current time is there a replication of
the pattern currently shown with a
decline of that order being demonstrated
at any other point in history yes the
question you're asking is are there
resonances inside the system and of
course there are because it's fractal so
self-similarity occurs at many scales as
you see with a normal fractal
self-similarity is hierarchical this has
hierarchical self-similarity but it also
has a degree of internal self-similarity
on every on every uh on every level so
uh this plunge that we're going through
right now its resonance its direct
historical resonance on the preceding
larger scale is the period
uh around the 10th Century 948 ad now
what happened in that period is uh there
was an enormous cultural efflorescence
in Islam the umed Kate at Cordoba and
the other umay caate at Baghdad uh were
producing you know an and a lot of it
was mathematical and Technical it's
