you may approve of some you may not but
I approve of the concept of The Fringe
in and of itself and then I figure you
know the memes can sort themselves out
through natural selection but if a meme
doesn't ever get on to the playing field
where the competition is happening then
it is not fairly dealt with and can die
without having its proper opportunity to
to impact we we take away the advantage
of the of the leading memes in their
ability to suppress the new oncoming
memes like a marketplace where if I try
to start a oil company today I have a
difficult time because the main players
would disadvantage me handicapping
casing a reverse handicapping where the
small ones would be having Advantage
come in this worldwide web is it just
seems to be changing the nature of
gravity at least the way I thought that
these various physical forces always
work and um suddenly time which I
understand is relative is getting
speeded up simply because I'm being
barraged with so much information from
so many different places and it stops
being a matter of um trying to be smart
um by assimilating all this information
and becomes more of a of a case of
trying to be smart by seeing what I can
leave alone what I can distance myself
what I can funnel out because there's
there's so much of it and well I think
we haven't quite learned how to use it
yet and also it isn't quite what it
should be yet it's maddening to try and
function on it at 144 or 288 everybody
needs ISDN or faster the people who use
it most successfully the way they live
is usually they do it through laptops
and it's just always on I mean what you
need is 24-hour a day ISDN connection
it's always on and so as you think
questions arise and you set your info
Bots going your elves you send them into
the Matrix and they return with these
bits of information so as the day passes
and your internal dialogue precedes
you're constantly having Messengers
arrive with data which clarifies your
understanding uh of the situation uh so
I think of it what it will clearly
become is it's just an adjunct to your
mind and when the laptop disappears and
the whole thing becomes a subdermal
implant or something then you'll just
say gee I wonder what the gross national
product of Sri Lanka is this year and
then we'll say the gross national
product of Sri Lanka this year was and
you will be provided with this uh
information I mean obviously there have
to be filers and a certain level of
sophistication but never before in
history have people been able to have a
dialogue in real time with their own
cultural database and uh the quality of
decisions is directly dependent of on
the quality of the information upon
which the decisions are based and uh in
the past good quality information is
very hard to come by the mass media is
for the peasants the guys above the 50th
floor and guys it is as you know they
read special newsletters they uh receive
feed from certain Think Tank they deal
with an entirely different kind of
information than you do privileged
information managerial information
leader information well now that's all
changing um sitting without telephone
lines in Hawaii at the keyboard of my
computer I have better intelligence than
Stansfield Turner had when he was
director of the CIA for Jimmy Carter
and I'm Joe nobody you know Earth's
citizen one uh so that shows you how
quickly the quality of information is
improving what you do with this is of
course has always been uh an
individual
dilemma the psychedelics to my mind were
a great anticipation of the internet it
probably never would have been built had
there not been psychedelics even though
it was built by terminal
paranoids because you know it was built
as a command and control system for
thermal nuclear war and they were but
