change then you can analyze these data
points and you discover that there are
75 odd Val 75% odd values 25% even
values exactly so no fives this 3:1
ratio of odd to even and this peculiar
closure seemed to me a sufficient
argument that this is the product of
human intent this was supposed to be
done this way and in fact in some of the
older commentary on the iching there's a
passage in which it says the forward
running numbers refer to the past the
backward running numbers refer to the
Future well now in the eing there are no
backward running num numbers but in this
thing there are because when you make
this you have 1 2 3 to 64 but what
you've got over here is
63 62
61 down to 1 and what you've got over
here is equals
64
64 64 it always sums to 64 so what this
is is some kind of magic iCal occult
multileveled uh uh Mana Laden thing that
these preo divers dreamed
up essentially the entire eing has been
turned into this monolyth of itself well
so
now let's symbolize this thing by the
letter s
a hexagram as you know is uh made of six
lines it's also if you know a little
more about it in the commentaries it's
always thought of as being formed of two
trigrams two three line structures and
then it has uh an essential and very
powerful cohesive Unity
as a hexagram as a Unity as a one so
every hexagram has six lines two
trigrams and one holess to it so the
thought which occurred to me under the
strong prompting of the logos was to
take this thing which I just showed you
which is a at the top of a kind of
hierarchy and move it to the bottom of
the hierarchy and I did it and build a
hexagram so remember how I said we'll
symbolize that thing by the letter s so
I made I took six of those and I did
this yeah six I laid six in a
row
and that stood in my mind for the six
lines of a
hexagram but over this I lay
then
two like
that those are the trigrams and then I'm
sure you anticipate my thought over
that I lay one that stand for the unity
of the of the hexagram okay so now what
I had was a lot of lines a lot of lines
running everywhere and the absolute
conviction that I now possessed uh an
enormous secret of some sort the map of
time the picture of History the snapshot
of the Zeitgeist moving through a higher
Dimension something like that and I was
a burden to my friends and a joy to my
enemies uh uh for many many months as I
attempted to Corner people in all night
conversations uh of great energy and
perplexity that had my
friends meeting to plan what is to be
done hope this never happens to you and
finally Ralph Abraham God love him said
uh it's an occult thing I mean it's just
this ult thing only you understand it
and it's not even clear that your
interpretation is always the same he
said what you have to do is you have to
com you have to turn it into an ordinary
mathematical object that that some that
is you know a known quantity well
essentially this was like telling your
dog to split the atom it was like great
Ralph thanks you think you'll have any
time in the next few months to put in on
this uh and so I sat with it for a
couple of years and then one afternoon I
was getting loaded and watching dust
Moes in a Sunbeam and not thinking about
anything much at all and uh I had it I
had it whole and entire I saw how to
take this ult thing how to take its
multiple properties such as degree of
parallel ISM skew overlap the three the
the scales of the three levels and all
of these variables and I saw how to
collapse it into an ordinary
