it uh is there a sense in which you can
figure out what hexagrams respond with
what moment and figure out the
characteristics of that moment that way
yes you can and you could build an a
vast interpretive industry on that in
other words there would be a way to
extract meaning rather than mathematics
from this what you would do is you would
look at a given point in the wave and
not only look at its wave structure but
say what hexagrams are building this and
what are the ratios of the influences
that they're contributing and that is
basically that's another lifetime of
work for me but that would be very very
rich
stuff okay let's go let it run for a
minute that's 1.4 billion years
730,000 years
366,000 years 183,000 years now those
are glaciations in there n that's the
last
100,000 45,000
now let's look at this this is the last
this is basically 5,000
BC now the game the stakes rise because
we know with fairly High detail what has
gone on in the last 5,000 years in terms
of inventions cultural migrations
dynasties so forth and so on so uh this
is uh from 6,5 ,000 BC to the present
well along this descent into novelty
here are the the great ancient
civilizations uh Ur
Cala Babylon and down here in the bottom
of the novelty Troth uh pre-dynastic
Egypt Old Kingdom Egypt in other words
the Great Pyramids are built precisely
at the most novel point of that trough
which sort of supports the theosophical
faith that Egypt did know did learn
something that it took a long time to go
past them not necessarily
1950 uh according to the time wave they
were uh they were the most novel thing
that had ever come down the pike until
roughly the foundation of uh of the
Roman Republic and that's about right
that feels about right on this
upslope this is all pretty ugly stuff
here the
Hittites the
matani uh Assyria we're really getting
into male dominance Warfare as a way of
life Empire Building
slavery uh huge building projects based
on human Agony uh ugly business but it's
punctuated by some real moments of
progress like uh oh The Phoenician
alphabet and so forth and so on and up
here at the top of this thing Homer
sings his song the The Trojan Wars occur
actually just slightly before that
what's happening there is that Myan
piracy is overwhelming the old Manan
Empire this is just in a small part of
the world but it happens to have a lot
of consequences let me say about that
some people say your theory is so
eurocentric have you noticed what kind
of world you're living in that's right
that's why the theory is
eurocentric uh in other words the Maya
may have been wonderful but what counts
in the historical game is how much
influence you have on the present and
the Maya have no influence on the
present I mean other than some
interesting shards in the museum and
respect for their architecture they
didn't pass it on so you know uh there
isn't a man woman and child on this
Earth who wasn't deeply affected by what
went on in Greece in the fifth century
BC not a man woman or child on this
planet now what was going on in fifth
century
BC uh somewhere else that that River of
influence may not have reached the
present some did some didn't but uh some
something got loose in in at the Eastern
end of the Mediterranean right in this
time span I think it's the fanatic
alphabet I think the fanatic alphabet
empowers a distancing from the object of
your concern that allows this Eerie
fatian thing that is so typical of uh of
the western mind and I'm not I didn't
originate that idea many people have
