palaces and into the planning of their
cities and they create the Italian
Renaissance and everybody who is anybody
is positioned along this descent you
know beginning with the Proto
Renaissance the the the fra and gelico
and all of that and then coming down
through Donatello Duo not Duo Donatello
Michelangelo Leonardo the VIN tishan
Rafael the whole bit and the whole thing
reaches
culmination right down here at the
bottom of the trough they actually
experience a kind of esonic event
at the bottom of this novelty Tri which
is they discover the other half of the
planet that's what they do 500 years ago
1492 right down here well that blew the
door off its hinges there had you do
there has never been return to normality
in a certain sense that did it uh this
trough what this trough pictures
is a period that ends in
1619 1619 is the beginning of the 30
Years War this period across the bottom
of this trough has been called by Art
historians who have no knowledge of this
Theory the age of The Marvelous this is
the age of the great hermetic flowering
this is the age of Shakespeare and the
court the rudolphine court in Prague
this is the age of Arkham Balo and John
D and Robert flood and uh you know that
incredibly complex psychedelic
manneristic mishmash that those late
Renaissance people uh put together but
there's a certain ugliness in it it's
not an entirely flat trough of novelty
there is a recursion to Old patterns and
I maintain what that is is the beginning
of the sub the rap subjugation of the
new world and then the rise of gangster
capitalism in that environment because
interestingly Europe was somewhat
strangled before the discovery of the
new world I mean it required resource
management and all that I mean if you've
been to places like Portugal and you say
you know these people ruled half the
planet this Rocky scre rubby storm
battered Little Country how did they do
it well obviously by expropriating other
people's Ro resources that's how uh they
did it so there was a period of normaly
where everybody was shipping and it
didn't change that much there just years
of ship go out empty come back full come
back well except that all this
information was pouring into Europe it
was like it was like as though they had
landed on alien planets you know Alber
dur went to an exibition of toltech uh
carving in Leiden and his diary entries
on this I mean for those people to gaze
upon these artifacts it was literally
like science fiction to them and plants
and animals they were the center of the
world and all they knew is that so it
was like it was like adding another
Earth to the equation for them exactly
an incredibly exotic Earth I mean
animals plants human
beings the largest river in the world uh
the highest waterfall in the world and
on and on and on it just swam into their
kin literally like an alien
planet 1619 the party's over in America
this is called the Protestant
Reformation out of some delicacy it's
not the Protestant Reformation for God's
sake it's the 30 Years War it's when
everybody in Europe just went nuts and
slaughtered each other uh for 30 years
until
1648 and you know the whole the
cromwellian thing happened in England
and uh uh it it was a drag it was Wars
of religion uh that little clip that
indicates a descent into novelty I call
Newton's Notch Newton was important
enough that the entire I mean I'm
teasing a little bit there was other
stuff going on the foundation of the
Royal Society and so forth and so on but
but generally this was a a period of
recovery from the the the age of of The
Marvelous and it's an era of powdered
wigs and uh social mores increasing
class
stratification uh uh increasing
