market only if the stock market moves
hundreds of points otherwise it's lost
in the noise of everything else going on
in the world uh when I ask myself what
does this wave predict best in other
word is it politics is it biological
evolution what is it that it really
predicts well the answer is
technology it it it seems to argue that
technology and Novelty are almost the
same thing and interesting that the DMT
creatures are builders in light and now
we're on the verge through vrml of
becoming uh builders in light well if
the wave describes Technologies
unfolding through time and if the wave
can't be propagated past
2012 then it must be because in 2012 a
technology is invented which makes
linear time and ends it in other words
time travel time travel now 10 years ago
only mad people talked about time travel
it was not a respectable subject uh
recently there have been articles in
physical review letters
in Scientific American in nature it's a
very hot topic there are many schemes
for time travel there are many Notions
about how time travel could be uh done
uh and actually we should have been
paying attention because Kurt girdle in
1948 wrote a paper that advanced a
scheme for time travel that was within
uh the realm of possibility possibility
I'm not saying we're going to Cobble one
together tomorrow I mean in some of
these schemes you have to spin cylinders
the size of the solar system and stuff
like that but any technology that can be
imagined can be realized uh by somebody
well if time travel were invented in
2012 that would explain why there was no
longer possible a cartisian graphical
linear description of times unfolding
because at that point time becomes
multiv vector
and can no longer be portrayed in this
kind of a of a
matrix now uh and the last this is the
last on this but an objection to time
travel is always uh the grandfather
Paradox which seems to imply that if
time travel is possible it's only
possible forward in time because if it
were possible backward in time you could
come back and kill your own grandfather
and then you wouldn't exist and so
therefore nobody could kill him and you
get a logical Paradox that is always
trotted out to defeat time travel
schemes I have a different notion of how
this works uh time travel is not what we
think it is if if what we call time
travel is an invention which if ever
invented the moment the time machine was
turned on
the rest of the history of the universe
will happen
instantly because uh
uh there in order to avoid these
temporal paradoxes the entire system
would have to undergo uh a kind of uh
collapse uh here's an analogy which
might make this
clearer
uh if you release gas pass into a
cylinder it pre the pressure equalizes
on the walls of the cylinder this is
called berle's law well so uh imagine
that we suddenly become able to travel
into the future at first I imagined that
what would happen is thousands and
thousands of time machines would appear
instantly having traveled backward in
time to witness the first flight forward
into time it would be as though you
could fly your Piper Cub to Kittyhawk
North Carolina to that windy morning in
1905 when the brothers W pushed out the
flyer and took off but then I realized
you know this bears with it the
implication of the grandfather Paradox
so instead I think what happens is the
moment the first time machine is turned
on uh the most most advanced state of
evolution arrives instantly at the other
side of the boundary it's I call it the
god whistle uh a a time machine is not
really a time machine it's a way of
destroying the rest of the history of
