reconstruction of the boundaries of the
world would take place so these two
descents both seem related to Islam I
mean Europe is just a mess at this time
I mean macrobius writing in the fifth
century thought that uh uh the
circumference of a circle was twice its
diameter you know what they didn't have
string I don't
know imagine that that's how low things
sunk in Europe while these people were
gazing at the stars and inventing the
quadratic equation and so forth and so
on okay uh this one hard for you to see
uh occurs in
11:22 that's the The Crusade
which breaks apart the stasis of
medieval Europe and lets in all kinds of
novelty right uh now the next one is
this one and this is an interesting one
and and illustrates how the character of
descents well the different characters
of kinds of descent into novelty let me
get it on the screen a little bigger
here um here it is
this one now it reach it's a dramatic
descent into novelty but unlike most
descents into novity it's also a
dramatic return to normaly now what kind
of event would give a signature like
that a dramatic descent into novelty a
dramatic Ascent back to the previous C
Empire and growth of another
Empire well how about this an epidemic
disease yes yes
1356 1third of the population of Europe
dies in 18 months but now think about
that it's
catastrophic it's traumatic but no new
technology is introduced No Boundaries
are shifted no new religion enters the
area and no genes cross Frontiers there
is simply a demographic collapse
everything comes to a halt and then
everybody who was in number two three
and four position moves up the wheels
start turning again and there's no
thirst for Innovation the entire effort
is just to get back where you were
before the bad news Hit And So within a
generation or two you're back where you
were uh very interesting that the
correlation between what actually
happened and the shape of the graph
seems to support uh that conclusion in
contrast
to that signature notice what came next
an entirely different kind of descent
into novelty first of all starting from
greater recidivism and ending in Greater
novelty such novelty that there is no
recovery there's a slight recovery but
this entire trough represents a lower
level of novelty than had really ever
been probed before so what is this well
right up here at the top it's
1440 no that's in 1455 15 years later
but that plays a role in it no 1440 in
MZ near Frankfurt Johannes Gutenberg
prints the first book and if you think
the internet was
something this was a biggie for for uh
information technology for sure and and
uh as you mentioned uh very shortly
thereafter the ottoman Turk sees
Constantinople and Europe's access to
the east is
strangled and it's a total crisis for
European civilization so what is done is
these um incipient
capitalists uh pull their money and they
finance new techniques in ship building
and nav
navigation so this is all technical
Innovation and Novelty uh and they build
ships and they sail around Africa and
they reconnect to the east meanwhile
what's going on uh uh and they get rich
that's what I meant to say they get rich
beyond their Wildest Dreams these uh uh
agricultural hilltowns in Northern Italy
that had been dealing each other wine
for centuries suddenly find themselves
the center of the largest aggregation of
capital ever gathered on the planet to
that point and they just pour money back
toward their benefactors not only the
scientists that had created the
technological Revolution that allowed
this but into the Arts and into their
