um oh god I've lost the thread ask
again birthday ah the birthday thing yes
so originally astrology was a tool for
statecraft Royal houses and wars and
stuff were fought and that kind of thing
well the first I don't know if they were
the first but the first large crop of
yuppies uh was late
Roman and uh these people had vast
wealth and they dabbled in the occult
and they were interested in these
mystery religions and they were aware of
astrology as a tool of statecraft and
people asked the very same question said
you know I'm an important person can you
do a horoscope for me and so then the
natal horoscope was invented around that
time first Century ad the natal
horoscope uh I can imagine that we each
have our own time wave in a sense and
that it begins at your birth and it ends
at your death or your death is a very
novel point in the wave uh the wave has
different Cycles in it uh this has 384
data points I mentioned that notice that
384 is exactly 13
lunations at first I thought I was
discovering a Neolithic Chinese calendar
that it was just it's an extraordinarily
accurate lunar count it presses 19 days
per year against the Sun but that might
be a price people would be willing to
pay especially if it had been developed
in a tropical climate but uh each larger
cycle is made by multiplying that number
384 by
64 and each smaller cycle is made by
taking that number and dividing it by 64
and what you get then over about 20
levels stretching from 72 billion years
at the top down to
6.55 * 10- 23rd at the bottom in other
words the domain of Plank's con constant
the realm of the Jiffy uh uh you get uh
this set of nested Cycles well the next
cycle up from this from the 384 day
cycle is 67 years
104.25 days it's six Sunspot cycles of
the minor type two of the major type but
interestingly close to the average human
lifespan 67 years almost as though it's
a kind of a a tone an octave of
existence uh I'm very interested in
people's 68th year of Life uh what that
feels like because in a sense if you
live to be 68 in this Theory you get to
start over you know you you you sort of
your slate is cleaned and you get to go
forward but this kind of thing I
find you know I'm not that attracted to
it uh I'm more interested in the idea
that this is some kind of a message from
somewhere and that the message is in two
parts the first part is something
extraordinary is going to happen to you
and your world in
2012 and the second part is and the
reason you should believe the first part
is because this wave which predicts that
predicts all things which ceeded it
predicted the Italian Renaissance so
forth and so on let me start this puppy
going again and I'll show you what I
mean what if we got uh a
million4 on the
screen what's the uh locality of ites
this apply to our galaxy the whole
universe or this planet well that's
another good question i' I've thought
about it on all different ways and I
think I think
it's it
it's local I'm not sure how local there
to be a king a king when in other planet
to come up with the pattern you use well
if it's a if the UN if it's a universal
fractal pattern then it must be
available in many places a thing that
would be very satisfying to me would be
if somebody could find this same set of
numbers somewhere else in nature like
ber ber anywhere
it yeah I can't the Fibonacci series
yeah Fibonacci brought out from Rules
complex set of
there it sounds like that any moment in
time can be decomposed into a number of
hexagrams and that the hexagrams have
fatory components to them and that a
hexagram has a meaning you can draw from
