assertion of the power of the Protestant
churches in northern Europe and so forth
and so on and then up here uh
1740 this is what's called the European
in Enlightenment and a bunch of French
people voler rouso philosophers
theoreticians of how Human Society
should be run produce these
screeds these theoretical texts but wild
men in the Americas take this up and the
conclusion of all the philosophizing
that goes on up here is the American
Revolution which occurs on a downsweep
into novelty and I would argue with was
reasonably
successful followed by the French
Revolution precisely on an upswing in
other words a movement back into habit
and for my money the French Revolution
ended catastrophically I mean it's every
liberal's nightmare you know I mean it
was horrible the good people turned to
monsters and then they couldn't keep
hold of it in spite of that so the
French Revolution ends with the
enthronement of the emperor Louie
Napoleon go
figure
um and then so forth and as you see the
20th century is down here at a much
higher level of novelty lower toward the
zero point and the entirety of the since
the middle 19 century which is just
about right I maintain since the middle
19th century we've just been exploring
totally new territory you know once you
get Michael Faraday and Conrad Loren and
Baron lichi
and Fitz Hugh Ludo and all this you know
in other words non- idian geometry
electromagnetic field Theory psychedelic
drug use um it it all begins to come
together and of course then the most
important arguably the most important
moment in the 19th century completely
unrecognized at the time now predicted
by the wave was
1837 when uh Charles babage assembled
the differ sension and uh and laid the
basis for the the cybernetic Revolution
Let's look at modern times in a little
more he built this thing called
difference the Difference Engine the
babage machine it was a computer and he
knew what it was he understood what was
possible with it he went to the British
government he offered it to them he
begged them to develop this and it was
just so beyond their imagining it was a
it but it it had all the elements of a
modern computer it was not electric of
course it was a mechanical computer but
all the principles were there and in
babbage's writing it's very clear
understood exactly what he had on his
hands incredible if you ever see a
picture of babage I mean think about
this this guy lived in 1837 he looks
like Flash Gordon I mean he has a
haircut so in advance of his time uh
it's
incredible now let's look at this this
is from
1888 over here and what's interesting is
is uh you know we talked that we
mentioned or came up this afternoon how
you can use the calendar as a political
flog when you have nothing else going
well that not only happened in the or
that not only will for sure happen in
2000 but it very definitely happened in
1900 there was something about it
everybody they had the same feeling
actually that we do now the telephone
had been invented in 1895 or you know
pop IED they began installing them uh uh
that was the internet of that time it's
still pretty amazing stuff I mean how
you deliver sex over copper wire I don't
know but they managed to do that uh and
powered flight was on the was happening
all over the world people were working
on it and so this point up here is I
believe January 3rd 1900 or something
like that it's sew on the money and then
this Cascade into novelty they were full
of hope they they felt it within their
grasp the old world the ardian world was
falling away it's
1900 radio is ahead relativity is 5
