commented that the Greek alphabet it
just carries you so far into abstraction
that uh then that light that thought
style becomes inevitable yeah now
obviously you've been describing events
in Western culture what are what are the
correlatives to Indo asiia yes good
question um in spite of the objection
that the thing is culturally skewed
toward European history if you actually
study world history it's interesting uh
great advances seem to occur
simultaneously in different places in in
of itself an argument for something like
the time wave uh so you know while the
Roman
Empire is rising and establishing Law
and Order and so forth and so on the Han
Dynasty is doing the same thing in China
uh as the Maya are reaching their
cultural Apex with their astronomy and
their mathematics and so city building
and so forth and so on the cordovan
Calef Fates are doing the same thing um
there's there's quite a bit of that sort
of thing is there any osis here at all
measurable I mean a
contradiction I don't understand well in
other words where one series of events
would describe homostasis another series
of events would would describe a descent
into novelty another words have you
located any contradiction within the
prescribed system no because a descent
into novelty as it word takes precedence
equilibrium only and only counts if it
completely pervades the system you see
what I mean um all right let's go
forward into this cuz I want you to see
these later
epochs oh I guess I didn't enter the
thing uh I want you to see these later
epochs because this is where we can
really judge it more
accurately uh this is basically from 300
a uh I'm sorry ad yes uh from this is
from the fall of Rome to the present not
precisely the fall of Rome is was it
took a long time and there were
humiliation after humiliation but
generally the kidnapping Augustus
Augustus Romulus in
375 is considered to be the final straw
so notice that what this says is that
after the fall of Rome here history had
a different character it was not a steep
and fairly uninterrupted descent into
novelty but it began to oscillate
between periods of novelty and periods
of intense recidivism and notice also
that this theory is not shy about making
predictions now we're down on it and um
this extraordinarily steep descent into
novelty right here that's the resonance
to what's happening right now that's
10th Century
Islam uh this one which precedes it over
here is the uh the foundation moment of
this Islam Muhammad is born in 570 and
died in
630 that that whole thing occurs along
this descent Islam is very important I
have to stress this because we all live
in a culture that is totally
anti-islamic and you know it's perfectly
legitimate to talk about ragheads and
this and that but I've got news for you
uh you know the science the mathematics
the architecture the poetry the
administrative skills the knowledge of
hydrology so forth and so on and for any
people or person who is truly alarmed by
modernity we were talking about this
this evening uh Islam is an answer and I
imagine it's going to experience great
growth over the next few years uh these
portions of Central Asia that were held
by the old Soviet I kisio bistan
aeran negoro uh badaya and all of these
places uh if they were ruled by the
people who live there they would be
radical Islamic republics it's
conceivable that in this period over the
next few months there could be a
worldwide uprising of Islam that would
end with it making the greatest
territorial gains since its m made in
the 10th
Century uh if if all Muslims were ruled
by Muslim governments an enormous
