will put their faith on
2000 they'll be disappointed and they'll
go away and get lives and then the
people who didn't contribute to that
hysteria will delay their hysteria till
2012 and then it will fail and then
they'll get lives and then by this Roose
the unconscious mind will have helped
the species cross over this calendrical
speed bump without you know Mass
hysteria nuclear war or religious pagam
which might otherwise be a factor I
don't feel the power particularly of
this idea but it's the only one I come
up which answers the question if this
isn't true what the hell is the
point in in Young's work on the eing
does he touch on any cyclical his
historical
reference no this is surprisingly absent
uh although in The Wilhelm Baines
translation there is something called
the
sequence and it's uh it's old it's Joe
it's and it's a kind of a poem which
attempts to make a logical transition
from each hexagram to the next in the
king win sequence there are curious
statements in the eing which definitely
support the idea that there must be big
chunks missing for example uh hexagram
49 in the vilhelm Baines translation is
called Revolution so you turn to this
expecting a a dissertation on political
reform of
society and you dis and what it says is
uh the shaman is a calendar
maker he orders the seasons and he sets
things right and it's a it's a whole
discussion about calendar making and uh
as a way of creating political reform
well that's bizarre
uh another interesting thing is hexagram
63 is after
completion hexagram
64 is before
completion the logic of their order is
reversed again suggesting that reversing
the order of things is somehow allowed
the middle hexagram meaning the hexagram
at the halfway point if you believe that
the sequence was designed as a structure
uh is number 32 is called
duration and the image is of a ridge
pole well obviously the ridge pole is at
the center and the and the rafters uh
move off of it
uh I can't remember which hexagram it is
that says he correctly understands the
import of this sacrifice can hold the
universe in the palm of his hand like a
spinning
marble that's a very alchemical
redaction uh and so forth and so on I
mean uh it just there are all kinds of
textual Clues to the fact and of course
this is coming through translation it's
very important to read many translations
of the iching the vilhelm Baines is in
incredibly deep and poetic and wonderful
and preferred by me because I grew up
with it but did you ever notice it's not
a translation of a Chinese book it's a
translation of a German book it's the
kri F Baines translation of the German
edition of the eing by Richard
willhelm uh uh there's recently been
other translations of the iching and and
they are you know know some bring one
thing to it and some another but I think
we have been for culturally biased
reasons as I said incredibly naive about
time uh one and this is the final
thought that I'll leave you with the
this
evening say this is
true how can it be true and not involve
God's entry into history or the
explosion of the Sun or the coming of
the space brothers or some other highly
improbable and somewhat cheesy event how
how can it fulfill itself and yet you
know not require willful suspension of
disbelief
well one thought that's occurred to me
you touched on it the wave doesn't seem
to work after 2012 but I've noticed in
analyzing all this history and stuff
that what the wave like people will
always ask me does it do the stock
