the universe and so it in a sense we're
back to the big picture again the
invention of the time machine is a self
initiated annih
of space and
time technological device explains why
technolog is critical in the history of
the way yes absolutely and interestingly
enough if you think they wouldn't risk
this there's I told you yesterday
nothing comes unannounced there's a very
interesting story about the first atam
test at Trinity in
1945 yes they had equations uh in front
of them which led some people people on
the advanced team to believe that when
the device was detonated the nitrogen in
the atmosphere would ignite and that the
entire at the entire atmosphere of the
planet would burn and they figured it
was a one in
10 and so they said yeah reasonable odds
Hitler's out there I guess Hitler wasn't
out there at that point but those Wy
Japs were out there so they said a one
in 10 chance and they threw the switch
and it turned out the chamber was empty
so we're here to tell the tale uh but uh
it's much closer to where you want to
be well this this reminds me of a
wrinkle um here's a possible scenario
which makes use of this concept there is
a a
cosmological uh Theory out there it's
not the top Contender it's mostly been
developed by this guy Hans alven and
it's called a vacuum fluctuation
cosmology quantum physics allows these
things called vacuum fluctuations and
what they are is particles literally
appear out of nowhere and uh this is
allowed by quantum physics as long as
parity is conserved and what that means
is that these particles must contact
their anti-particle and annihilate
themselves and restore the system to a
net energy of zero but there is this yes
but there is this brief moment during
the vacuum fluctuation when matter comes
into being ex neolo now the interesting
thing about the quantum description of
the vacuum fluctuation is that the
mathematics set no theoretic upper limit
for the size of the fluctuation it
simply says the larger the
fluctuation the rarer it
is so Hans Alan suggests we are in a
vacuum fluctuation of 10 high 22
particles and what that means is that
somewhere in the larger metaverse our
antimatter twin exists and for the laws
of physics to keep the accounts balanced
parity will have to be
conserved and what that might mean is a
higher dimensional collision with our
lost twin and this would not be a
collision in three-dimensional space you
wouldn't see it coming it would occur
instantaneously throughout the entire
SpaceTime continuum all
particles would annihilate their
antiparticles and there is only one
particle that has no anti-particle the
photon has no there is no
antiphoton so if the universe were a
vacuum fluctuation of this type at the
moment of the Recons servation of parity
all matter in this universe would
disappear one 100% it would disappear
and what would be left is all the light
in the universe and a a a universe
filled entirely with photons we have no
idea what that is that might be the mind
of God that might be the Omega of the
escaton uh it Consciousness there was an
article in Scientific American of all
places three issues ago suggesting that
Consciousness is a general quality of
the universe like gravity and light is
implicated so it's possible that the
entire that now that's a a large scale
you talk about abandoning the body this
is a cosmology where at a certain point
in the life of the universe all matter
disappears and uh uh that would
certainly uh uh for my money fulfill the
novelty uh theory in a in a way all the
fiberoptic being leg leaves for a lot
more light being pushed around than
previously in a way or at least light in
