a much more complex pattern than just
the sunshine of Earth well and the fact
that we're beginning to build with light
that virtual realities are made of light
people don't understand you know in
virtual reality the difference between a
10 story building and a 100 story
building one
Z you enter the code where it says make
it 10 stories high you add one zero it
now makes it 100 stories high cost it's
free light is free I mean virtually free
the Technologies it moves through aren't
free but you know we have hidden helpers
in the quantum realm those little
electrons they are numerous they want to
to help uh you know Horton Hears a Who
that sort of thing well that's the basic
lay of the land on this uh oh one last
thing I should say in the interest of
intellectual honesty is not everybody
loves the time wave and some of the
people who hate it are very bright uh
and if you're interested in you know
bear
duk's uh discussion about this check my
wave check my website uh there's a young
British mathematician who thinks he can
take it apart and we've been going at it
hammer and tongs and we're going to lift
the curtain on our discussion pretty
soon I would like inspection I mean I
invite and those of you who are
professional or amateur
mathematicians uh I'd like to people
should check my work uh my I told you
the first night my method is shamanic
but my or my techniques are shamanic but
my method is scientific and rational the
truth can defend itself if this can be
broken uh on on the wheel of logical
analysis then so be it uh it does
empower hope but there's no percentage
in false hope I mean the only true hope
is in uh the maintenance of an open
mind so thank you very much/